The analysis of the nominal convergence criteria is silent with regard to its consequences in terms of the risk of economic deflation, the adverse effect on public investment, economic growth and policies to combat unemployment.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I regret that it was not possible to vote on the agreed oral amendment tabled.
Furthermore, the sanctions envisaged by the Member States must be effective, proportionate and act as a deterrent, and should include custodial sentences.
Allow me to support the statement by Mrs Meissner that what is really needed is one voice, a unified message, which comes not only from the EU institutions, but from all EU Member States.
Thanks go to everyone who has been involved.
If these changes are made, we can keep the Turks in Europe, welcoming this secular state with its Muslim people as our ally in the fight against terrorism and extremism.
The ultimate beneficiary will be European society.
We are not going to shout 'Peace!' and then murder it as we did 70 years ago.
Saving energy is like motherhood: it is always admired but seldom supported.
That is why a separate Accession Treaty for Bulgaria may be necessary.
Therefore, we must urgently adopt the recommendation and report in question so that amendment of Protocol No 36 to the Treaty of Lisbon will be given the go-ahead, without convening a convention, but by directly convening an intergovernmental conference, as proposed by the rapporteur.
In addition, and in keeping with what we have always contended, the report also questions the condition of meeting the convergence criteria to receive Fund money and also opposes the Commission's proposal that benefiting from the Fund means meeting the conditions of the Stability Pact.
This morning, the European Parliament has shown realism and responsibility with regard to an issue that is certainly technical, but whose economic consequences are not insignificant.
In view of the fact that Japan is the country with the highest research and development expenditure in the world, expressed as a percentage of the gross national product, it is regrettable that there is little cooperation in this area.
Moreover, I believe that, if you and I had had to draft this report, we would have taken the right measures in this House in codecision with the Council a long time ago.
It is therefore essential that we adopt this approach.
Lastly, we shall also be happy to support Mr van der Waal's amendment which seeks primarily to secure honest and transparent charging for the use of infrastructure.
The Council's work therefore needs to be extremely energetic, if we want to prevent blood baths and if we want to prevent further outbreaks of war with unforeseeable consequences.
For over 70 years, Shannon airport has been the gateway airport between the United States and Ireland.
The European Union is the world's largest provider of humanitarian and development aid.
This interesting and stimulating political debate, in which the President of this House also took part, reinforced our faith in the future.
I can therefore only regret that the Council has no competence in this matter.
   Mr President, over the past weeks, the European Commission ordered on-site inspections at several significant energy companies.
I believe that international trade is a decisive factor.
I welcome this debate.
Let us not deceive ourselves: by denouncing this "confinement to barracks' of member countries, the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations does not intend to defend indirectly the rigidity and ponderousness with which a significant number of our economies are afflicted, especially the French economy.
It will permit the development of a sustainable and more environmentally friendly mode in a way in which logistics can be developed to the full in terms of efficiency.
To conclude, I should like to say that the very foundation, the philosophy, underlying what we have proposed, is the principle of ownership.
This assessment must specifically evaluate the effects of the introduction of the tax on financial transactions in the European Union, as opposed to its introduction at global level.
The idea of a single, consolidated legal text - as put forward in parts of Amendments Nos 4 and 6 - is one I find very attractive.
Mr President, I want to acknowledge the work and effort put into this report by the rapporteur, Mrs Miranda de Lage.
The Commission is proposing an average level of appropriations for commitments of 1.22% for the period 2007 – 2013.
   .
The whole question about the importance of services and opening up service markets is one we are about to address seriously within our own internal market.
As the European Parliament pointed out last January, the European Union and its Member States provide more than half of the contributions to the United Nations system and to peace-keeping missions.
Nor can the Commission accept Amendments Nos 6 and 18, because it does not think that self-regulation - which we welcome in many sectors - can take the place of real and effective monitoring instruments; although we very much favour self-regulation, we do not believe that it can replace the monitoring instruments which must be operated by the Member States, who are responsible for applying the principles of the directive.
The Commission therefore takes good note of the rapporteur's proposal to have an explicit reference in the text of the Constitution, which is currently being drafted, to the need for an information and communication policy as a condition for the exercise of European citizenship.
We note that no member of the opposition will have a parliamentary seat.
I have been doing that for the last month, so I shall now continue in English.
The financial framework for the period 2007-2013 turned the 'territorial cooperation' objective into one of the three pillars of the EU's cohesion policy, replacing the INTERREG Community initiative.
But I was just wondering, what will this mean - if it is ratified - for sporting organisations and governing bodies?
As far as the political situation in the Maldives is concerned, and in line with the statement by the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, the Commission welcomes the recent political developments in the Maldives and is pleased with the reforms that have been introduced to date.
We are already distancing ourselves from the USA, and an objectionable anti-Americanism occasionally puts in an appearance.
That is surely fair.
As far as Community measures to deal with the problem are concerned, I would start by recalling that the application of health protection measures falls to the authorities of the Member States.
Finally, I should like to turn to a different issue which has also been raised by the European Parliament on several occasions, namely the question of cross-border retail payment services in the euro area.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has done so.
I should also like to see – again, like in Belgium – the right to vote granted to non-Europeans insofar as they make a solemn commitment to abide by what is laid down in the Constitution and in the laws of their host countries.
B5-0347/2000 by Mr Collins, on behalf of the Union for a Europe of Nations Group;
And again I associate myself with the full force and rigour of Mrs Reding's comments.
A detailed check must be carried out on this information, along with an objective evaluation of the possible repercussions which allowing inmates to return to their country of residence could have.
It is, therefore, literally an explosion.
Mrs Doyle stressed the fact that the virus is developing in young people and that efforts at prevention must be strengthened while ensuring that freedom of movement is not hampered, and Mrs Gurmai agreed with this.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on progress made on resettling Guantánamo detainees and on closing Guantánamo.
in writing. - The negotiation and signing of fisheries agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet, including the open-sea fleet, as also with the development of relations with third countries in a spirit of partnership and cooperation, with a view to reinforcing sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
The European Commission rightly sees consumers' rights as an important, even constitutional, priority.
The Commission is of the opinion that, as yet, it is still not the right time to formulate these; nevertheless the Commission considers that attention should be paid to this problem.
In fact we have a moral obligation to do more than to warn young people, in particular teenagers, of the acute dangers of cigarette smoking for our health.
We believe this to be right, even though we, of course, have difficulty with the problem of begging - which I openly admit - and also in many respects with illegal migration.
You will recall that the Commission was unable to accept at the first reading an amendment that referred to research in general, since this does not come within the legal premise underlying the recommendation.
The Committee on Legal Affairs has proposed important amendments to the scope of the regulation.
This can only be carried out with the involvement of the international community and key non-governmental organisations.
Mrs Hautala, I have just received some information regarding Mrs McKenna, and I shall of course see what we can do to help her.
I would like to draw your attention, ladies and gentlemen, to points which might seem minor but which concern Parliament's use of its power of initiative.
It therefore calls for solutions that will also endure, not just for the fisheries industry but for all the sectors concerned.
Because I really have to say, if we really want the best technical measure to conserve fishing stocks, it is not to be found in the common fisheries policy.
So I have nothing more to add, in point of fact.
I would like to say to Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that there should be no confusion as to what this particular committee is about.
I think it is very important that we keep our minds on the real problem.
Otherwise, I fully support what our two rapporteurs have said.
My wish for all of us is that we draw faith and courage for our work from the second anniversary of the last enlargement.
We have to go on extending our remit to cover the whole range of maritime traffic which, as I have said on previous occasions, has changed out of all recognition over the last hundred years, in terms of the number of vessels, the number of tonnes of materials being transported and the nature and quality of those materials.
I voted in favour of this report.
It will mean that future generations will find that not only will there be no dolphins or whales, but there will be no tuna fish and very little fish at all.
I am sorry, but an intervention tomorrow is the only option left to you.
Our rapporteur, whom I should like to thank very sincerely for his report, has successfully analysed the first two dimensions, to which the consumers in the northern Member States of the Union are particularly sensitive.
Mr President, I speak on behalf of the great majority of the GUE/NGL Group.
This report enables us to go somewhat further.
Can I therefore ask if the Commission agrees that a Eurobarometer survey shows that 75% of Europeans favour basic research aimed at new technologies which help knowledge to progress?
That is the message from the Czech Republic today: an independent court taking a decision in maybe a week's time, or it may be two weeks before we know how they will proceed.
The KLA must comply with the imposed deadline of 19 September.
I should like to make a few suggestions, starting at European level, which might frighten some who have already spoken.
This would require a radical break with your policy of privatisation and of dismantling public services.
During the debates on the regulation on public access to administrative documents, Germany, France and Spain were the three biggest opponents of greater openness.
Does the President-in-Office agree with me that it is very appropriate that the European Union should engage in this political activity in order to make the point that we do not want to destroy but to support and maintain minority cultures and languages?
Thought needs to be given to ways of putting a stop to sex tourism and, in particular, to the forms of legal action available to us in our own countries.
Notwithstanding my concerns, I gave my support to this resolution.
I am just reading the list in front of me, as you very well know.
As a result, worryingly, many Europeans have started to support the far right, whose principles run counter to European values, as a reaction to this.
Being in favour of this new realistic and balanced approach, I supported the adoption of this report during the final vote in plenary.
in writing. - I followed our rapporteur's position on this topic, Giegold, and voted in favour of his report.
I consider it essential for Europe to establish strong relations with certain regional and global players, by supporting them and establishing strong political and economic ties.
At present, fighting is continuing at Lubumbashi and in other areas of the country; all the information reaching us suggests that there are thousands of casualties and hundreds of thousands of people driven from their homes, and that living conditions for millions of refugees, especially in the eastern regions of the country, are becoming more appalling day by day.
This is why we have voted against the report.
The debate is closed.
When we – as we inevitably do – experience shortfalls in services, we solve the problem by hiring people from other countries.
Exactly one year ago, just after the Albanian election had taken place, I asked the same question of the Italian Presidency as it then was.
The necessary measure to combat these diseases would lead to an overall lifting of the quality of life for some of the world's poorest people.
This socio-economic context and this additional perspective of employment and social cohesion are also the very aspects I should like to stress on behalf of my group.
The measures proposed in the Commission communication appear to be geared exclusively towards victims from one Member State in another Member State, or third country victims legally resident in one Member State in another Member State.
Mr Nassauer's report cites thirteen such texts, which are among the most important ones.
I should add that I appreciate very much the European Parliament's commitment in keeping HIV/AIDS high on the political agenda.
The vote on the resolution on the Luxembourg Presidency will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, more than two thirds of the amendments tabled by the Committee on External Economic Relations were accepted either in full or in principle by the Committee on Budgets.
Since 2001, considerable progress has been made, particularly in the field of national legislations.
It is evident that global warming has already reached the point where the international community is faced with a stark choice: either to continue the methods of growth and accept an eventual catastrophe, or to pluck up courage for a transformational approach which can adequately mitigate the consequences of global warming and prevent the worst.
I should also like to point out that these documents illustrate, once again, how difficult it is to establish genuine cooperation between Parliament and the Council, as is still all too often the case.
Question No 8 by Sören Wibe (H-0414/98)
Moreover, he was not covered by the Geneva Convention because he was not persecuted.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A4-0483/98), on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the common position adopted by the Council (C4-0540/98-97/0266(SYN)) with a view to adopting a Council Directive relating to limit values for sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and oxides of nitrogen, particulate matter and lead in ambient air (Rapporteur: Mrs Pollack).
One million photovoltaic roofs and house fronts, 10 000 megawatts from wind, 10 000 megawatts from biomass.
Specific features of the implementation of these programmes mean, however, that most of the payments will be made in the final years of the programmes, that is 2013-2015.
Again, that is an area we have not sought to change.
EUR 63.5 million has been committed, of which EUR 23 million has actually been disbursed.
The figures speak for themselves; policy-makers need to be particularly aware of this group of people.
Of course, the reduction in payment appropriations for EU cohesion policy is connected with protracted programming problems hindering the Member States from commencing full uptake of EU funds.
When signing international treaties, European Parliament experts will also be included in the discussions.
I also want to add that we have tried to be very conservative and not at all demanding in our recommendation for second reading, choosing the wording of our amendments such that the Council should have little difficulty in accepting them.
Madam President, the European Union is the biggest donor.
Mr President, this Parliament might be able to make a good impression with this debate on EMU.
The question relates to CFL, or compact fluorescent lamps.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FI) Mr President, I would also like to congratulate Mr Brie on a good report.
So demand is evident but what is the proper definition of free range or farm laid or perchery eggs?
It is a terrible problem faced by my country, which is unable to find a solution.
A veritable force for stability, he represented the hope that the Nepalese people would emerge from absolute poverty and that the rule of law and democracy would become established for the long term.
I regret that I am unable to share the rapporteur's viewpoint.
Through your activities and meetings with high-ranking guests during the Year of Intercultural Dialogue, you are strengthening one of the basic European traditions, that is to say the fact that mutual respect and understanding are the basis of coexistence in Europe as well as in the world as a whole.
I recognise that advances have been made to ease the financial and administrative burden on SMEs, such as the 2010 establishment of the SMEs finance forum, but urge the Commission to do more in order to create a more competitive and accessible economy for the SMEs which are so vital to the success of Europe's economy.
What can we do?
Therefore, we should at least explore the idea of a very limited pilot licensing scheme, mindful of the danger of it being hijacked by the Taliban for illegal purposes.
If we take our monitoring role seriously, we also have to audit those items of expenditure that we formerly disregarded, for example, the Council's common foreign and security policy - and I regret that the Council is not present today to hear me say this, for it is in close cooperation with the Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, that I am, quite deliberately, making reference to this policy area today and making a demand for transparent cooperation on the part of the Council.
Furthermore, the report compares an undemocratic Belarus with a Russia that is portrayed as democratic.
And it is very difficult to understand why we cannot accept this solution everywhere in the world.
I cannot understand the reluctance to accept this.
In my speech, I spoke about the situation in the euro area and public finances in 2009.
Those of us who hail from former Communist states know full well how Communist authorities tend to behave, regardless of whether they are ideologically committed to Communism or not.
That is a rather strange set-up, a bit like having a butcher inspecting the quality of his own meat.
I wonder if the time may not have come to consider creating a European body of independent inspectors with the task of monitoring the application of Community law in the Member States.
   Mr President, I wanted to begin by congratulating Mrs Buitenweg on her excellent report.
This must be done under the Dutch Presidency, in the second half of this year or, at the latest, under Luxembourg’s Presidency in the first half of 2005.
The European Parliament has reached agreement with the Council and the Commission on an action programme on the prevention of drug dependence.
The first is Amendment No 17 in which we ask for the removal of the derogation which, in our opinion, deprives the text of its substance and which can only delay the application of the directive.
Consequently, the Commission is currently not in a position to undertake an assessment of the Bulgarian budgetary plans for this year.
This is particularly important because the majority of common foreign and security policy missions, such as, in particular, the European Union's monitoring mission in Georgia and EULEX in Kosovo, are politically sensitive.
I am hopeful, but I am not very confident that this will be possible without us wielding a big stick.
The crisis has revealed the shortcomings of Economic and Monetary Union: it nearly brought down the euro and has resulted in the loss of millions of jobs throughout the continent.
The world has changed dramatically in the last couple of decades.
Mr President, today's debate has been very instructive and shows the great commitment of many honourable Members of this House to these issues.
As Mrs Hieronymi has just said, negotiations are in progress in preparation for UNESCO’s general conference, which is to be held this October.
I would suggest that you expand the group which you have set up in order to continue with open dialogue with Iran by adding countries that traditionally have good relations with Iran, such as my country, Greece, especially now with its present socialist government.
One could point out, however, that third states that strive towards modernising and completing their national export controls regard the EU code of conduct as an important reference document.
The answer is two things in particular.
Without any doubt there has been, as Mr Schulz said, a disturbing and dramatic rise in the number of documented cases of illicit traffic in nuclear materials.
I shall confine myself, this evening, to four brief remarks.
If this involves carrying out structural reforms, by amending the Directive establishing a European Works Council, on the information and consultation of workers, we can only support this.
It is all about the details: how is Parliament to be involved?
You will see that we are basically satisfied that this framework of Staff Regulations will deliver the core parts of the reform: the move to a personnel system where members of staff in all the European institutions will be properly compensated, will be able to exploit their talents and encouraged to progress their careers in a system that rewards their efforts.
That is an ambitious aim, but I believe that a short and clearly circumscribed intergovernmental conference could send out an important signal about the European Union's ability to enlarge and about the effectiveness of its institutions.
Under the motto ‘overcoming exclusion’ we are now starting to work on the ‘Youth’ action programme and in other new areas and are trying to ensure that they are equipped with sufficient financial resources both to meet the growing demands of globalisation and to create spaces in which young people can concern themselves with future European policy.
Only then will the euro zone have a future characterised by growth.
Mr President, I read this Council of the European Union common position through with great interest.
It has also been a matter of concern for me from the outset to promote the dialogue between Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
It is not acceptable, that the centre point of our economic policy in the future will be a central bank, located in the institutional, political and cultural nirvana.
This type of speculative behaviour has a direct impact on people's standard of living and can contribute to political instability.
In view of the disastrous impact which the black tide caused by the wreck of the Prestige is having on the coast of Galicia, and bearing in mind the threat to the islands of the Azores, the Canaries and Madeira, what measures will the Council adopt to guarantee the application of safety rules in the waters surrounding these three archipelagos?
We are counting on the Swedish Presidency.
In second place are the benefits for the environment, and thirdly it should make European transport more efficient.
This report deals with the following points, on which we have also tabled amendments.
The rapporteurs must of course be thanked for their work, but the question arises as to whether this amounts to success and an appropriate compromise. In fact that is not the most crucial issue at stake.
We are all agreed without much hesitation that this inquiry falls within the remit of the United Nations.
But one thing is clear: compared with the Atlantic, the proportion of small ships is several times bigger in the Mediterranean and most fishing is done by these small ships, not big ones.
My last point is that some people on both sides of this argument will try and present it as a clash of civilisations or religions or cultures.
The second aim is to propose an alternative to the current development model and reject the presentation of world free trade as a panacea and a miracle cure for everything.
The Freedom Party is the only Austrian party with a credible and honest policy in this respect.
The trustworthiness of our official bodies is all the more important now that it has been so difficult to reach agreement on the new financial perspectives.
There is also an agreement on comitology which in this case is not what Parliament wanted either, but there is a proposal of continued and regular information to the European Parliament and the Council.
The objective today is not to strengthen this 'integration-unification' , headed by supranational institutions, which we do not want, but to better organise and make more effective the nations' control over Brussels.
Madam Commissioner, my question is how the Commission will reflect on the Israeli non-paper and especially how will the Commission work on a new action plan?
It would be strange if this Parliament, which has been at the vanguard of opening up these services, came along tomorrow and said, for incomprehensible reasons – to me at least – that there must be an exception from this long line of action to open up all these services to competition and that the exception was port services.
Continuous work is needed in order to progressively demolish the walls of prejudice and intolerance in people's heads, while, at the same time, there is a need for the building of new structures founded on acceptance, equality and respect.
The right to vote is the most important of all citizens' rights, as it allows people to participate in the most direct way possible in shaping the course of politics.
We must therefore consider our next steps carefully.
Given these circumstances, Mr President, I would like to express my complete solidarity with Mr Soares in the face of the slanderous campaign that has been targeted at him. I also invite the President of the European Parliament to express to the Angolan Government, through the appropriate channels, this Parliament' s most vehement and indignant protest at the insult that was also targeted at this House, and which represents, apart from anything else, an intolerable abuse of the principle of independence that Members enjoy in carrying out their duties.
Firstly, just as this has now become feasible for certain other programmes, we want PACT to be extended to candidate countries with which negotiations have already started, with a corresponding additional budget of ECU 4 million for the years 2000 and 2001.
All market participants will have the opportunity to make known their views.
What is the desired impact on employment?
In fact, Mr President, the European Union still provides most of the financial contribution, and most of the overall development aid to the rest of the world - and nobody (or hardly anyone) realizes that we do so. The truth is, we are restricting ourselves to the honorable role of footing the bill for the great dramas of the modern world.
This does not seem to be entirely the case at the moment.
We cannot promote fundamental rights all over the world and not say that we consider them binding at home.
These are linked by the necessity of reducing discrepancies in infrastructural standards as well as by the fact that they illustrate perfectly the structure of dependence on the part of Member States which is characteristic of this approach.
We do, of course, support those companies and enterprises that are able to invest money in it, for investment in energy transport is economically of very considerable interest.
I mean the proposals concerning so-called chill-out rooms, drug classification, special injecting rooms and positive information about drugs.
Orphan medicinal products
These are very important changes, and I hope they may be accompanied by a desire to be more alert in making use of the Rules of Procedure than we have been previously.
The text urges the Commission to take major action.
Victims, however, may move from one Member State to another for many reasons, not least to escape crime.
We need not only to develop strong partnerships, but also to coordinate with other donors and have projects that should put words into action as far as the protection of the environment is concerned.
This constitutes a major social regression.
This was a real pleasure.
Formula 1 is a good example.
We have to stop thinking of Frontex as a temporary or isolated measure.
Security against terrorism and road safety are two very different matters, but the Council is not here to take note of your observation.
Without this involvement it will not be possible to combat climate change even if Europe makes the most strenuous efforts.
That applies to the European Union itself.
Commission.
We have been able to tackle the problem of the possibility of maternal transmission by also taking out those animals that might be at risk because of their ancestry.
   The next item is the debate on the Commission communication on the European Communication Strategy – White Paper.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
I too genuinely believe that carbon dioxide emissions from electric power generation account for over a third of the total carbon dioxide emissions in the European Union.
It is the Commission's firm conviction that the Council conclusions of 18 June are a welcome and necessary first step in this direction.
So I called for the branch manager and asked him whether he knew, in that specific case, what the lira was.
If we want to make progress on the objective of reducing poverty by half by 2015, these points I have indicated demonstrate the direction we must take if we are to succeed.
We should not shirk our responsibilities, and we should lend our support to practical measures.
However, additional tasks also require that we make available the necessary funds, since otherwise it is nothing more than lip service and budgets should not be mere lip service.
I feel like saying the same things again now.
The most significant aspects are practical ones.
In addition, we must insist on mutual respect and good will.
From the beginning, the Barcelona Process has foreseen accompanying and mitigating measures to the Euro-Med FTA.
It could have been anyone&#x02BC;s children.
I am delighted that Parliament today approved this aid which will enable the workers made redundant to receive help, especially in their job search and for training.
Thirdly, the classification of work and its associated risk is a step in the right direction.
Being a national of the country in question is often a requirement for employment.
It would perhaps also be a move towards the Council to create trust: trust not only with regard to the discharge, but in other areas, too, and therefore we are able to agree to this proposal.
In the European Union we need to look more seriously - and I have every intention of doing so - into identifying market mechanisms that would enable us to prevent catastrophes in certain sectors as a result of temporary squeezes on the income levels of producers and input costs.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the few of you who are still here, visitors to the European Parliament, in conclusion, I would like to make some brief remarks on the subject of misleading directory companies.
Facilitating the comparison of offers, the right of withdrawal and advertising will lead to better conditions for our citizens in future, so that they can be king in a market that used to be a real jungle.
Furthermore, loans from the west have been transferred to private tax havens, which must not be tolerated.
Yet does Parliament have a clear idea of where the money has been spent or how effective TACIS has been?
Hence our amendment.
I firmly believe that this consensus should allow for more systematic, coordinated action.
   The debate is closed.
(SL) Firstly, I would like to thank you for the very good presentations on this fairly complicated issue we are discussing today.
We are concerned here with people who have had to pay a very high price for the sake of democracy.
Preservation of this system, which is full of inequalities, is a mistake we cannot accept.
This report is a technical amendment to the existing directive, and it will confer powers on the new supervisory authority, EMSA, from January 2011 onwards.
It is a union of values, and Turkey is now working hard and single-mindedly to adopt these values.
But likewise, nobody should be forced, out of necessity, out of poverty, to take up a job opportunity that is not suitable for them.
The regulation should also aim at technological neutrality, with the rules that govern communication services being as far as possible independent of the technology implemented to provide these services.
The Presidency wants to devote attention to a possible temporary application of parts of the so-called Constitution.
It is too ridiculous for words that medicines from the Netherlands, where the price paid by consumers for generic medicines is so high, are exported to other Member States in parallel.
Many of you may well even be receiving daily e-mails.
It would appear that this is the thing that the North Korean authorities literally mortally fear.
On the other hand, I find it commendable that the Directive fully respects the rights as regards collective bargaining and the signing, broadening and implementing of collective agreements, as well as the right to strike and to take industrial action in accordance with the regulations of Member States governing industrial relations.
No, that is not on.
I recently heard - to my amazement as well as to my satisfaction -the same opinion expressed, if I am not mistaken, by a German member of the Green group, who said: well, if 90 % is labelled, what significance does that have for the consumer?
Let us urgently concentrate on the substantial risk of PAHs from sources such as incinerators, especially when those incinerators will burn tyres containing PAHs.
The restoration of confidence in the beef sector will be a major focus of attention during our presidency.
The economic issues are important, and it would not be appropriate to delay the cooperation envisaged in the interim agreement.
A referral like that is the least we can do to protect our citizens' rights and we are not there yet - far from it.
I have also made it clear in my report that we must not shrink away from positive action if we are to harbour hopes of correcting the situation relatively quickly.
And then, all languages are learnt within the family first of all.
This procedure concerned state aid granted in the form of relief on social security contributions.
Indeed, what farmer needs Brussels to tell him not to allow his assets to degrade?
Recommendation for second reading (A5-0039/2001) by Mr Miller
That is why I shall be voting in favour.
However, the Member States do of course have to ensure that these social rules are applied in a harmonised way in Europe.
All Members of Parliament for the new Member States have voted unanimously to defend their interests.
The intention seems to be that this House should have a debate on blood at about midnight when the werewolves are out, but be that as it may, at precisely midnight, I heard Commissioner Byrne say - but it may have been an error of interpretation, which is why I should like to have it repeated - that he did not believe that blood from stable and voluntary pools of donors, familiar to us from a number of Member States, was safer and of a higher quality than that obtained from people who supplement their income by donating blood.
We can only allow data to be passed on where there are strong reasons to suspect the person concerned of being involved in crime.
This is surely some mistake!
Secondly, it has made sure that there has not been a descent into anarchy in the Palestinian territories - because let us be clear that the alternative to a Palestinian authority is Palestinian anarchy.
However, the UK Government is far too cavalier in taking children into state care, so voting in favour of this recital will be a shot across their bow.
The sitting was closed at 11.20 a.m.
One last question Commissioner Fischler: in our parliamentary resolution we also asked for the hectare subsidies, all income subsidies, to be paid before 31 October of each year.
This is a step in the right direction for the European Parliament.
Nord Stream is no solution.
We have to grasp the scale of what has happened this week, but we must move on and forward in a way that meets with the approval of the European people as a whole.
A strong commitment to the single market is key to competitiveness in the EU and therefore the euro area.
If the terrible events of 22 December jolt those in a position of responsibility to take the actions required, not only to resolve the conflict, but also to tackle the underlying problems of poverty, deprivation and discrimination which lie behind the Zapatista revolt, the victims of Acteal will not have died in vain.
There has been noticeable success, which has found expression throughout Europe in improved growth and falling unemployment rates.
We must remember that at the moment the United States federal courts have issued a ban against the US Navy to prevent it from using high-power and low-frequency sonar in the Pacific Ocean, in order to prevent damage to marine fauna.
Therefore, we have created in the neighbourhood policy the Neighbourhood Investment Fund which, in principle, targets the South and the East.
In Europe we have 18 million employers in a labour force of 250 million.
So a whole network of firms largely managed to bring the implementation of a whole policy under their control, and they were able to do so because this was tolerated, if not encouraged, by Commission officials.
Is it clear why the EU subsidises tobacco cultivation while banning tobacco advertising at the same time?

Firstly, I wonder what reaction the Commissioner received from Poland and the Baltic States when all these measures were presented.
That position is enshrined in the conclusions which were agreed at Cardiff yesterday; if they have not already been circulated they will be very shortly.
Written statements (Rule 149)
   Mr President, Madam Vice-President, Mrs Maes, Mr Stockmann, Commission staff, ladies and gentlemen, we are indeed a cosy huddle of experts.
Reducing dependency on Russian gas can also be achieved through implementing projects such as the Nabucco pipeline, a key priority for the European Union, along with other smaller projects, such as the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline, the Turkey-Greece-Italy Interconnector or the Azerbaijan-Georgia-Romania Interconnector, which highlight the particular importance of the Black Sea to the Union's energy security.
What is civil society?
The resolution is a basis to create real opportunities for individual and corporate service users from countries such as mine, the Republic of Bulgaria, which are not located centrally within the territory of the EU, to have access to pan-European mobile satellite services, including access to broadband Internet, mobile multimedia applications, services related to civil protection in the case of natural and industrial disasters and, of course, this facilitates improvement in the competitiveness of countries lying in the periphery of the European Union.
This is an important obligation in relation to the WTO: any decisions taken on the acceptability or otherwise of imports will be based on clear procedures and a sound scientific risk assessment.
The greatest and most recent threat, however, comes from terrorism, as Mr Frattini pointed out earlier.
Inner Mongolia
Firstly, the amended text takes a positive attitude to the fact that it is necessary to spend more money on information and prevention programs to combat alcoholism.
No farmer who is inspected several times a year can understand the current practice with regard to checks on large animal feed producers.
We must do everything in our power to ensure that economic life in these countries can return to normal and that the people find work.
The immigration situation in Europe is certainly not pleasant, appealing or suitable.
(DE) Mr President-in-Office of the Council, what initiatives are planned by the Council Presidency in the area of economic policy, above all, in the sphere of energy policy as well?
For such farmers, the consequences of this crisis are dramatic.
As you will see in France, they only trip you up.
My second observation is that, if we have 99 national cultural agencies, things will get out of hand in no time, and this is where better management would be desirable.
The whole of this meeting was public, as was an informal industrial meeting.
Mr President, I too support the Florenz report.
There is such a thing as public service, and the Commission acknowledged that only recently in a proposal, but not everything done now and in the past in the area of public service has to coincide with the requirements of universal service.
   .
Things, however, are already going wrong, and this is something I find lacking in the speech, for governments cannot, of course, make all kinds of unconditional proposals, only then to retract them, with it then being said that there is not really a problem anyway.
The Commission did not wait for the establishment of the peace support facility to prepare an emergency programme to support African Union peace-keeping in Burundi and to make available EUR 25 million for the African Mission in Burundi, keeping the peace on the ground.
It ignores the principle of subsidiarity.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my opinion, an industrial policy that focuses exclusively on companies operating internationally and using advanced technologies is not the best route to success.
(PL) I abstained from voting on the composition of the European Commission, because alongside the good candidates, there were many weak and very weak ones.
We are not writing in all the case law but everything is covered so far as all the case law is concerned in the recitals.
His report has endeavoured to address the real core issues that are of concern.
Remaining silent and looking away when civilians are being hurt and abused on a daily basis damages our credibility in the eyes of the world whenever and wherever we defend human rights.
We also look to the European Council to consider ways of raising awareness amongst European citizens about the work of the European Union and the relevance of the EU to our daily lives.
The Centre also maintained that Islamophobia is a new form of discrimination and that, following the clashes over the Danish cartoons, there should be anti-blasphemy laws.
There are various areas of this type in the European Union.
The first part of Amendment No 12, paragraph 5a, has therefore been withdrawn.
Finally, like many others, I was delighted to hear that the BBC correspondent Alan Johnston had been released after more than three months in captivity.
The means available to the Commission to control the situation include banning overfishing with drift nets, in collaboration with the various national governments.
Parliamentary investigations are necessary, particularly in countries like my own, Ireland, where it has been established that 50 CIA flights have landed at Irish airports and that the aircraft used to transfer Abu Omar illegally from Italy to Egypt, via Germany, also landed at an Irish airport.
This is also shown by the fact that, based on last week's authorisation granted by the Member States, we are ready to start informal trialogues on the Asylum Qualification Directive as soon as possible in order to achieve the target date of 2012.
Certainly, my great friend and former colleague, Vasco Rocha Vieira, has more claim to the title than I do.
We need to prevent people taking up smoking and continuing to smoke. The same applies to alcohol and all other drugs.
As the Union has stated through its Presidency, most recently in July last year, in principle we are in favour of one China, but we also want the tension which breaks out from time to time between Taiwan and the People' s Republic of China to be resolved peaceably within a constructive dialogue.
We welcomed that at the time, a few months ago, and we have looked forward eagerly to the proposals from the Commission that we were promised.
There are a couple of positive things that I want to draw your attention to, because we also need to make sure that access in its widest sense really is available.
The violence of the words I use is nothing compared to the violence that has been taking place in the Democratic Republic of Congo for too long, violence that has increased and spread over the past few weeks, and all this amid the total indifference of the international community.
I agree with the rapporteur when he deplores the weakness of the Union’s role in the Chechen conflict, which has caused more than 200 000 deaths in ten years and is really genocide.
I also think that we are still on the wrong track with regard to Kyoto.
We should also ask Mr Cook why British taxpayers' money was used to fund this scandalous episode and indeed, why the UK Ministry of Defence specifically intervened to ensure an invitation was extended to the Indonesian military to attend a major arms fair in Britain next week.
Today he complains that the employment pact is not binding.
Once democracy is introduced, it is introduced.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to start by congratulating the rapporteur on his very comprehensive report.
The Heads of State and Government who are supposed to be responsible must be very far removed from reality to imagine for one instant that this could happen.
What we are actually trying to do now is to get some restitution, because we not only lost our ability to look at what is going on with the Commission, but we also lost the accountability process and the transparency process, so I want to ask Mr Mitchell...
   The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A6-0343/2005), on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Industry, on the Council common position for adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on energy end-use efficiency and energy services and repealing Council Directive 93/76/EEC (10721/3/2005 – C6-0298/2005 – 2003/0300(COD)) (Rapporteur: Mrs Rothe).
Resolution on imports of garlic
What was their crime?
The largest economies in the developing countries are also unwilling to integrate their national plans for mitigation with the global agreement and, at the moment, there is no credible financial plan.
Madam President, I am surprised that compromise amendments have been admitted at this stage in the debate.
These are the root causes of the irreparable capitalist crisis.
At the same time, this has created the right environment for the emergence of talented directors and today Lithuania's film directors are receiving international awards, and are well known throughout Europe and the world.
Let us say that enlargement presents no risk to environmental protection, on the contrary that in a few years' time EU standards will apply in the whole of Europe and not just in the western part.
Today, only three States do not recognise the need for information to be published on businesses - from their creation to their closure - and the Commission itself admits that part of the information is lost.
Research and development in the area of renewable energy and the fight against climate change go hand in hand with the Lisbon goals in terms of growth and employment.
However, Article 3b of the Treaty does not actually define subsidiarity.
I naturally welcome this initiative on the part of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety in an area as tricky as spongiform encephalopathies, particularly given that this issue has become public knowledge and as such it has had an enormous impact on the European public in recent years, with people becoming alarmed and making radical changes to their diet.
Our consolidated enlargement agenda focuses on south-east Europe: Bulgaria and Romania, and Turkey and Croatia and the other countries of the western Balkans.
It is therefore crucial to ascertain the truth of this relationship, first of all because important human values that require respect and serenity in the face of the legitimate concerns of the soldiers and their families are under threat.
Question No 18 by Susan Waddington (H-0585/96)
We demand therefore that the money for the wine sector reform be put into the national envelopes so that the Member States can allocate it according to their own needs.
Because I want to pay tribute to the support this House has given to my initiative, and because I want to hear your views and talk to you before I meet the Heads of State and Government.
I call upon you as a matter of urgency to put an end at long last to the sanctions against Austria - and we do not need a report from the Court of Human Rights to do this either, as the media is in any case monitoring the situation on a daily basis - and to concentrate your efforts on the real European issues!
The European Union supports the global concept of collective security recommended by the Secretary-General, recognising that threats to peace and security are not only represented by war, international conflicts, riots, organised crime, terrorism and weapons of mass destruction, but also by poverty, under-development, deadly epidemics and environmental damage – in particular the issue of global warming.
In some countries, poverty is on the increase again.
To close, I wish London the same good luck for 2012 as Athens had with the 2004 Olympic Games, despite any doubts which London had at the time.
I strongly believe that efforts to isolate President Arafat will only exasperate tensions within the Palestinian leadership.
I can also confirm that no European financial resources have yet been given to the project.
The aim of Directive 2000/78/EC, as already mentioned, is in fact to prevent discrimination in the area of employment, especially age discrimination.
The conscientious objection services in Member States must complement these European services.
The European Union must make it clearly understood that those who fail to observe democratic principles and fail to abide by the law cannot be partners of the European Union.
It underlines the fact that we are primarily addressing local and regional authorities.
Mr President, Commissioner, when we debated the seed directive here in Parliament in the mid-1990s, I acted as rapporteur for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
We need to adopt policies that save money, principally when times are good, so that we might have means of defending ourselves when times are harder.
Because one of my frustrations at the moment with the budget is how we deal with negative priorities.
This means that tests are carried out before storage, and above all each Member State can make its own decision.
   The Council is very concerned about the situation in Chechnya, in particular as regards human rights, and it regularly stresses the need for a genuine reconciliation in its meetings with the Russian authorities.
(Applause)
And the negotiations will of course therefore be difficult.
To circumvent the national level would be completely reprehensible. It could not lead to anything other than a weakening of European democracy, and that is something which none of us could wish to see.
We need protection against unfair competition.
Only new technology can enable us to maintain our way of life.
However, the monetary side of the union is today a great deal more structured than the economic side.
I share the Commission's view that we do not need protectionism.
I would further mention that the situation in Kosovo is being formally monitored by the working group on minorities in former Yugoslavia, chaired by Mr Lutz within the peace mission which is currently managed by the High Representative of the European Union, Carl Bildt. I would mention that it was formally established that the condition of a progressive improvement in relations between the European Union and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is full respect for human rights, minority rights and the right to return of all refugees and displaced persons, as well as granting a large degree of autonomy to Kosovo within the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Within this context, the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly provides us with an extremely important forum for political debate.
They start small businesses, they grow things, they sell things, they are genuine operators, and dare I say it, industrialists.
If your question had to do with the position of the German Government, then I hope that the answer I have given is sufficient for you.
One is the reorganisation of the milk support and the other is the school milk programme which is an excellent initiative by the Commission.
But I did not want to talk about that today, Mr President, I wanted to speak, as co-ordinator of the Committee on Employment, about the hearing with Mrs Diamantopoulou.
We are a few days away from the opening of the Vancouver Olympic Games, and I have the honour of being the joint chair of an Olympic Games organising committee.
Greece's additional annual debt equates to less than one week of the United States' additional debt.
But I have not completely understood from the Commission what specific action and sanctions they now wish to impose on the dealers in these illegal substances.
In any case, I believe that the key thing is for this issue to eventually lose its relevance, by establishing gender equality in agricultural activity.
It is based on the assumption that the responsibility for reducing emissions lies not only with car manufacturers and fuel suppliers, but also with vehicle users.
I shall repeat this proposal in my report and I think I can say that the Turkish Government is not hostile to this, but quite the opposite, it would seem.
To be more specific, the 'primacy' of the principle of 'freedom of establishment', as laid down in Articles 43 and 46 of the Treaty, which prohibits any 'restrictions on the freedom of establishment'.
These matters are outside the scope of this report and the competence of the Committee on External Economic Relations.
At this critical time, we have to provide small and medium-sized enterprises with access to financial resources so that they can carry out their innovative activities in order to increase their technological sophistication and with it their competitiveness.
Eighty-nine percent of the citizens want urgent action to tackle the problem, and 74% expect the EU to play an important role in eradicating poverty.
Training becomes a necessity that lasts all one's life.
Tomorrow, this House will be considering a proposal that it effectively rejected in November 2003.
Will this mean, however, that no aid must now be granted to the new countries of the East?
Subject: Internet broadcasting of Council deliberations
Finally, I would put a big question mark over the fact that it appears that some sort of office of the European Commission will manage the system.
Will it accept the Commission decision?
As regards the lengths of the leave and the payment to be received by women during this period, I would like to say the following.
The WTO is conducting secret diplomacy, and the European Commission seems bent on outdoing it for secrecy.
Society is itself a vast repository of knowledge that we will be wasting if we do not involve the citizens in the process of leadership and governance of the European Union.
Mr President, I should like to congratulate Mrs Dybkjær and commiserate with her because her group did not give her an actual draft directive to get her teeth into.
I am glad a holistic approach to water is being taken here and that authorities in the individual national states and beyond the borders of the national states are at last obliged to work together and ensure that water is of a high quality.
In our case the Irish, carrying on from Italy, gave us an extremely solid basis in the form of the Dublin II draft treaty on which we were able to build.
'Everything but Arms' is a major step forward.
We must not, however, forget that - by means, for example, of Paragraphs 25 and 26 of the proposal for a directive, which offer scope for a more or less broad interpretation - it also provides legal opportunities to reject workers' demands in certain cases.
I do not know what else to say, other than you have my full commitment to it and within the review, you will be able to see if I have done it.
However, I am afraid that it may also be unfair in that it is based exclusively on the situation in mainland Europe and does not give sufficient consideration to the diversity of regional situations, particularly as regards production in the outermost regions.
Unfortunately, it is not as simple as it is sometimes made to appear in political debates.
That is completely wrong.
(NL) Thank you, Mr President.
However, in exchange, the system itself is quite ambitious and, even though for the moment only politically binding, creates a strong incentive for parties to comply.
It is clear that one of the most obvious conclusions must be the withdrawal of Syrian forces from Lebanon, which must be immediate and must also include the secret services.
In my opinion, it is high time that a comprehensive and methodical study of this kind be drawn up in order to gain a bird’s eye view of Europe.
At the same time, however, although EU-Andorra relations have developed, they are fragmented, as significant parts of the acquis applying to the internal market have not been incorporated into Andorran law, and thus cannot be applied.
That is why I would like to ask whether the same agency that grants the authority aid funding should also be the control agency.
Finally, Mr President, an Agency, yet to be set up, that supports the Commission forms a constructive contribution towards the EU' s tasks of ensuring safety at sea.
In return, Korea will get badly needed food from Europe as well as medicines and luxury goods.
I have less appreciation for the Council and Commission representatives.
Finally, do you believe, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, that this decision is prejudicial?
Our group supports the view that savings from the budgeted enlargement expenditure for 2002 and 2003 can be used to finance enlargement in later years.
Mrs Napoletano, in her interesting address, pointed out the economic and social progress that has been made in Tunisia.
Thirdly, further to the comment by the Director-General for Competition, is the Commission prepared, based on the new information, to draw up a new proposal?
There is specific Community legislation covering controls in the agricultural guarantee section.
The Maastricht Treaty includes a separate title on public health, and the Court of Justice, with the Decker and Kohll judgments, has ruled on the Community dimension of certain social security services.
We want to strengthen you as a Community institution, because the Council appears at present to be unable to muster up the strength to act as a Community institution and representative of the common interest.
Ladies and gentlemen, I expect you have all realized that I am a lucky Vice-President.
I think the people in Belgrade are entitled to expect a European Union presence, and I would repeat that we need to have a more visible profile there.
In view of the seriousness of the situation I support the proposal made by Mrs Roth-Behrendt and Mr Lange to do this by means of an assent procedure.
Today, there are officially 22 million unemployed people in Europe, as a result of unrestrained free trade with the rest of the world and the forced march towards a monetary utopia.
A year has passed since the earthquake in Haiti, and the time has probably come to increase effectiveness.
The European Parliament and the Council alike are in favour of liberalizing the postal sectors but we reject the terms of the Commission's communication.
Secondly, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission has no doubt about the need for a multinational force, without which no aid can be provided.
My own country, Scotland, is rich in renewable energy sources such as wind and tidal power.
We must accept that States have the right to control their frontiers for the objectives stated in Article 36 of the Treaty, in particular the protection of human life and health.
If network operators were required to monitor all of the 'packages' sent by service suppliers, numbers would have to be reduced, leaving them concentrated in just a few hands.
The new challenges necessitate rules that enable sustainability and also sustainable competitiveness.
Give your chairman hell now so that he gets it amended!
I call upon the Commission to investigate this matter again.
It obviously has to do with poverty, with lack of information and education, with patterns of sexual behaviour and, specifically, with young girls' lack of education of a kind which would better enable them to resist sexual advances. It also has to do, of course, with the shortage of money within the health care sector.
If we did not have the EU that we know today, we should have had to prepare something as a response to the global challenge.
There is still a tendency when people look at what we are doing to compare apples with oranges.
I am convinced that the answers to future policy on drugs will be found in all those towns and villages, not only in the Netherlands but in Europe as a whole, where people are looking for careful and controlled solutions to the problems which we all acknowledge.
It means an extraordinary change from the point of view of energy.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8))
The Commission issued a timely communication aimed at establishing a stronger partnership for the outermost regions entitled ‘a stronger partnership’, which deserves a favourable response.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Commissioner Lamy speaks about the fact that 2003 will be the year in which the WTO must deliver.
As for the argument that this initiative would increase uncertainty, very short-term capital movements are specifically intended to play on uncertainty and to bet on changes between currencies or various short-term financial assets.
I would ask the Commission to pay more attention in its competition policy to networks rather than to specific lines.
I would like to start by thanking the Commissioner and the High Representative for their presence here in this Chamber and for their reports.
It must be complemented with a forthright fight against racism and intolerance so that we may come to recognise, in practice, the evolution of a Union which has become a magnet for the rest of the world and an immigration zone, given its prosperity and seasonal demographics.
I therefore share the concerns that prompted the question by my fellow Member Mr Queiró, particularly because I come from a country, Portugal, and more specifically from an outermost region, Madeira, where tourism is one of the most significant factors for its economic and social development.
In this context, in light of the progress that has been made, the widespread commitment, the difficulties encountered, the need for amendments and the warnings of the shortcomings that still exist, the debate on this and the other reports in the plenary session should be addressed from a similar perspective.
It is this diversity which gives our continent its extremely rich cultural heritage.
We cannot accept those amendments which ask for more controls and imply an excessive increase in administrative burdens.
I am optimistic that further substantial progress can be made in the two remaining meetings during the British Presidency.
(RO) Madam President, I am delighted that a consensus was reached on this report by the political groups within the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is jobs and businesses that create growth.
Where the obligations are not upheld, sanctions should be possible.
The EU has partnerships with most countries in the world.
The Council's common position says that the information should be collected before departure, but not necessarily communicated to the registrar until 30 minutes after the ferry has sailed.
Christian writers and academics are having to go into hiding.
Unfortunately, Mr Monti has not yet arrived.
Such prognoses were, however, dismissed at that time as mere prophesies of doom.
It is crucial that Europe has an energy research plan to support its ambitious energy policy and climate change goals.
We have to strengthen them by strengthening our mobility programmes, because through mobility, young children, students, workers and volunteers get the transversal skills that they cannot get through formal education.
It is for that reason that we want to negotiate another new instrument on emissions law.
The Swedish and Finnish governments both have experience from the 1990s of serious crises, and they should both whole-heartedly support Commissioner Rehn's proposals.
There are well-founded fears that the Ben Ali clan and his enterprises are also profiting from EU money.
Commissioner, do you share the view that human rights standards, social standards and environmental standards need to be removed from the special arrangements and incorporated in the list of GSP criteria?
Meanwhile, in paragraph 12 Parliament agrees with the 'step-by-step' policy in future negotiations with Belarus and says that we may agree to a partial suspension of sanctions for a maximum of six months on condition that there are some very substantial changes, which would improve the situation above all for media freedom in Belarus.
This weekend, the EU and the UK extended support to our friends across the Irish Sea.
   – Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, if I may make a personal comment, I should like to offer the Irish Presidency my very best wishes.
What is needed is a European support mechanism, a European Monetary Fund equipped with the necessary resources and facility for intervention.
Today, we would call this ethnic cleansing, something that should, in fact, be openly rejected by all of the Member States.
I know that 2018 will eventually come around.
We share this view; we also share the concern of the rapporteur, Mr Danesin, that, on the one hand, private operators should be assured of profitability - obviously, if there is no profit there will be no private investment - but that, on the other, the infrastructure created shouldt be socially beneficial.
In prevention and in the protection of critical infrastructures, I would say to you that it is extremely important for there to be a Commission proposal approved by Parliament for a programme to protect critical infrastructures.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market's proposal ensures that Member States take that responsibility.
Nevertheless, from the point of view of our Group, the words of the Commission or Commission President on this subject have been rather inadequate, for, as Mr Alexander explained, these markets – if one can even call them that – are very lacking in transparency.
Greece will submit to the Commission in the course of January an updated stability programme, as foreseen in the Stability and Growth Pact.
Madam Ashton, first of all, allow me to welcome you and say that I very much hope that your excellent and powerful presentation today will indeed herald the end of a particularly difficult period for all of us, which began in November when the Commission' previous term of office ended.
The fact that America, Canada, Russia and many Central Asian countries are also full members gives the organisation great credibility and breadth - 'from Vancouver to Vladivostok', as the OSCE itself boasts.
From the United Kingdom's point of view, it means that there will now be access to international data that will help in the fight against international cross-border crime, which we all take very seriously.
Which proves that China does need this strategy.
Parliament does not, indeed, believe this to be an unimportant area; it is far more a question of how decisions are reached, of whether it is actually right that the Council should have sole discretion as to how the funds are applied.
The Commission will be presenting detailed proposals for the modernisation of disciplinary procedures and related arrangements in a consultative document which is scheduled for publication in October.
Since its economy and industry remain largely unreformed and unstructured, we expect the negative tendency to continue with negative social consequences as a result.
Proof of Georgia's democratic progress is also provided by the presidential elections of 5 January which, by and large, were held in accordance with international standards.
Indeed, thanks to the contribution made by the European Parliament, and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Lechner, the final text encourages the opening of borders in an important area of daily life, while preserving the existing rights of consumers, notably French consumers.
Monitoring of speed restrictions is a priority here.
The resolution invites the Commission to present the Green Paper containing a number of measures in the area of contemporary cultural activities, aimed at consolidating development in Europe's regions.
We have also voted for the figure of 125 grams as the basic emission target.
How are we going to explain to the citizens of Europe that Parliament’s rapporteur, the person with the highest profile in relation to this dossier, is married to Mr Fourtou, who is none other than the chairman of Vivendi Universal?
Any one of them would have been a great Capital of Culture.
We were not equal to the task.
We have concerns in Ireland about road safety issues.
The Berlin European Council was obsessed with budgetary cuts, and not only gave rise to a reduction in the funds for structural policies compared to levels reached in 1999, but also forgot that there were other Community policies.
And if we want to solve them, we shall have to find ways whereby the future financial perspective can be announced at the same time.
The agricultural and structural budgets are left untouched.
The inaugural pledging conference for the Support Fund of the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership (NDEP) was concluded with a positive result on 9 July of this year in Brussels.
Mr President, I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could also reply to my question.
At present, rural areas account for 80% of the European Union, and this percentage will increase following enlargement. The negative effects of the common agricultural policy, which has not fulfilled initial expectations, will therefore be even greater.
It is also clear that the Community per se does not have Community competence in criminal issues.
Let us deal with the strategic concept first, then let us look at what we want to do with these European means.
Now we must decide.
Financial control also authorised the renewal, for the third year, of the projects selected in 1995.
We need to be very vigilant on the employment of women, and we need to enable young people to enter the employment market with hope.
(DE) I am most grateful that in its resolution on safe and sustainable pensions, the European Parliament has included a number of ideas and demands relating to women in particular for which I have worked actively for many years here and in Luxembourg.
The Commission can therefore only accept this amendment if it is clear where the extra money is going to come from.
Members of this Parliament are probably aware that Europol carries out major investigations every week to smash paedophile rings operating inside the European Union.
The Commission insists on the urgency of this document.
For this reason consumer protection matters at least as much.
Councillor and trade union delegate, Member of Parliament for eighteen years, five as Chairman of the Committee on European Affairs and twelve as Minister or Secretary of State, and then candidate for Prime Minister.
All Members have said the same thing: all that is happening, the way we are dealing with things and negotiating at present, is that we get more and more intergovernmental agreements and intercontinental agreements and less communitization, meaning less European debate that can be monitored both by the European Parliament and by the European Court of Justice.
However, I do not think the suggestion to postpone the resolution is a sensible one, because, as the European Parliament, it is important for us to respect and support the principle of compliance with human rights, as well as the principle of a people's right to self-determination - in this case for the Sahrawi.
Re-education by forced labour and imprisonment without charge are now being used to punish offences like the unauthorised posting of bills, driving an unlicensed taxi and begging, to name just a few.
Once again, as in September 1998, it is a campaign to gain the freedom to exercise elementary social rights, paid leave, social security, retirement at 55 and a guaranteed minimum income.
To postpone them once again would be a setback.
A common objective in all these reports is the efficient use of energy or energy-saving measures, yet the Council has reduced the budget for this to ECU 45 million spread over a five-year period, which just goes to show what kind of priority energy and the environment are given in Europe.
A particularly striking statistic is that the German Society for the Protection of Children believes there are as many as 50, 000 so-called street children.
For a sustained strategy for the Eurovignette, however, the success achieved so far is not sufficient.
There is a fear that there may not be such a majority, today.
The Council is ready to consider having a role in the Register and looks forward to discuss the possible modalities with the two other institutions.'
I completely agree.
It is of the greatest importance that all nations concerned take part in the disarmament which is now finally able to take place.
The Union should establish a system which will help bolster cooperation between the Member States and the institutions, and enhance solidarity in issues connected with energy.
I expect us to communicate more quickly with the European Commission and the European Council on procedural and personal matters, and also on substantive matters.
   . More and more facts are coming to light about the US security services and agencies, such as the CIA, illegally kidnapping people, flying them to Europe, detaining them and then subjecting them to isolation and torture.
In 1998, when the Council and Parliament first debated the directive on the working time of mobile workers, the situation in the road transport sector was totally different from what it is today, as the rapporteur, Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, said: at the time it was common practice to dodge the rules in force on driving time, meaning that professional drivers spent far too long at the wheel.
Above all, however, we need to take preventive action and in order to do that we need genuine policies relating to soil, land and forest.
Europe must make a great effort to use this means of exchange only to guarantee the welfare of the people and not be overwhelmed by it.
We need role models from music and fashion and film to get the message across to young people: not just by saying "no", that does not work, but by telling them the truth.
Success is not immanent, but Liberals and Democrats have high hopes of a European Union double act under the two Josés.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, as we all know, traceability is a key element of ensuring high standards in animal health and food safety.
I know there were concerns a few years ago and, because this is a new debate, concerns are still being expressed.
It is true that the rapporteur’s comments may sometimes appear very favourable, or even too much so given the situation in Bulgaria. On the whole, however, the conclusion of this report seems to me to be the right one.
As you will have seen, those who sometimes regard themselves as such are subsequently outvoted here in plenary.
It goes without saying that in their actions, our institutions and Member States will respect multilingualism and cultural diversity.
However, the situation in Abyei must not make us forget the situation in Darfur.
These seek to promote precisely those ingredients: environment, sustainability, security and long-term action.
We would have liked this report by June 2002 but we have accepted December in order to allow more time.
It expressly envisages that an international court may be established for that purpose, preferably in the territory in which the crimes were committed and if not, elsewhere.
This is especially important for those people who manufacture trains and train equipment.
I do not wish to see Strasbourg cease working normally from Monday to Friday.
One more thing: I cannot understand how it is that in 2014, China is going to host another Olympic Games event - this time it will be the Youth Olympic Games - while we are unable to force China to make advances in the field of human rights.
This intermediate phase is creating a great deal of confusion as it is.
As regards the trafficking in human beings, a clear distinction must be made between two areas: sexual abuse, and the exploitation of labour.
She has great political skills and has accomplished a great deal since being a Commissioner.
I thank you for lending your support to that approach.
It was very useful for me as President of the Council to hear your observations and we will certainly take them on board in our further discussions on this topic right up until Christmas.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, we witnessed in Tunisia the rising of the people against an oppressive and abusive regime which has denied them basic human rights for years.
In the context of a single monetary policy under an independent central bank, economic policies in the Member States will have to be more closely coordinated than ever before.
It is all too often bemoaned that the EU has failed to foster a culture of innovation and enterprise: the European Investment Fund (EIF) is a vital way in which this imbalance can and should be redressed.
That is the hope we have for the future.
Therefore, in order to commemorate the armistice that brought an end to the First World War, we are going to observe a minute's silence in memory of the millions of Europeans who lost their lives in that struggle.
Issues concerning legal entry and entry routes have to be tackled.
As regards the issue of women, Mrs Isler Béguin, we are naturally also involved as it appears in the Barcelona acquis.
It is important to distinguish clearly between criminal or illegal activities and work that is legal but is not declared to the authorities, i.e. that does not comply with the various regulatory constraints, notably the payment of social security contributions and taxes.
Naturally, the European Commission does not and must not have legal powers except when it comes to negotiating between the peoples.
Firstly, as has already been mentioned, the amount earmarked for health issues within the framework of official development aid, which currently stands at around 5%.
Let us stop being hypocritical and, finally, let us thank Mr Prodi for having opened the debate.
Had this policy been enforced this year, it would have resulted in total crop failures.
I am of the opinion that the simplified Treaty revision procedure should be used to create an atmosphere favourable to an in-depth discussion of the proposed stability mechanism and of other possible mechanisms, such as the social progress clause.
In earlier times, however, cases were largely unknown and civil society was not as active.
We must develop a different relationship with the gifts that nature has given us, and that certainly does not mean that we have to carry off the last remaining animal pelts.
The trade concession to be offered to Pakistan needs to represent a credible effort by the EU and bring about meaningful economic benefits to Pakistan, whilst taking into account sensitivities of our own industries as well as other WTO members - in particular, those of least-developed countries.
And we will continue close cooperation with this House and with the Council in order to help bridge the remaining gaps.
When I hear this type of question I always wonder: 'Are we going to be asked to do everything for them?'.
This French Member of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament welcomes the future introduction of the European Qualifications Framework, which will facilitate transnational mobility for workers and learners, while at the same time meeting the requirements of the labour market by way of a common reference point for the transposition of qualification levels.
Despite the political crisis, the Commission is committed to support for Nepal's sustainable development.
It has to be said that the Commission' s proposal, as it has been put forward, only partly responds to this challenge and to the legitimate aspirations of these territories found in all four corners of the globe.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in its communication the Commission identifies culture as being a sector with strong employment potential and analyses the link existing between culture and regional development.
This is why instead of the expected split between right and left, we have seen the various approaches that northern and southern Europe are bound to bring to the problem due to the differences in their climates.
The green rate for these payments has been frozen at a favourable level since 1995 and therefore has not been subject to currency fluctuations.
I wish to thank you, ladies and gentlemen, and, once again, I undertake to do only one thing: to draw the necessary conclusions from your votes, once they have been cast.
However, when it came to defining potential sources of these many forms of discrimination, it was not possible to include concepts that the European Union considers to be important, such as discrimination based on sexual orientation.
I voted for this report because poverty and hunger persist in the European Union.
She managed to get an excellent report adopted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy.
In conclusion, I can tell you, Commissioner, that the European Parliament’s Committee on International Trade is going to follow the whole of this process very closely, because we believe that the step taken by the Commission is a first step and that it must be accompanied by an attitude in favour of China and other countries, such as Vietnam, having greater opportunities within international trade while jointly respecting the rules we have laid down.
With regard to the Hautala report, the principal issue was the compulsory reduction in sulphur content.
Agricultural produce is a large element of ACP exports.
In particular, I am thinking of the following: firstly, to continue our employment strategy at European level; secondly, enlargement, which was set in motion at the weekend and is going to require us to make an exceptional effort, both political and technical, to develop and prepare the negotiations, the reform of the funds and the common agricultural policy, and the introduction of the euro; and lastly, actions for the benefit of the people of Europe - especially the conclusions of Amsterdam and the Kyoto Conference.
The proposals for the full recording of searches are to be welcomed, but it seems appropriate to specify in the Article what information must be recorded.
He has demonstrated intimate knowledge of the work of the EU and the administration of its funds.
As far as our cooperation with the United States is concerned, I have, on behalf of the Council, said that this must be stepped up and will need to go beyond the usual forms of cooperation.
We need to defend Europe's interests and project Europe's values in a more coherent and effective way, and we should be ambitious in how we do it.
We have discovered that some of the rules in the directive, which was implemented on 1 January 1998, are far from satisfactory.
That is all those agencies like the European Food Safety Authority or the European Maritime Safety Agency, where they have said they will do something but they do not yet know where or when or how.
True, the ENP is not to be seen as a direct route to EU membership.
They are not the only ones.
It is partly the consequence of new wealth in countries such as China, where the demand for, for example, chocolate is going up 15% a year, and that is unsustainable in terms of the supply.
This is the situation in thirteen of the fifteen Member States, and has recently also been incorporated into German law.
- Madam President, I do not hold with the notion that our economic salvation lies in tiny value added tax cuts, which are something we have had in the United Kingdom with, frankly, only a marginal positive impact.
So they should look at their own figures before they criticize the expenditure for Europe, because it should not be forgotten that the growth rate of 1.4 % simultaneously includes growth in heading 2 on the scale of 6.7 % for the structural funds.
I would like to see the contract which states that what we have been paying is the right amount of money.
On a recent visit to Poland I found there were lots of problems with education, especially in the rural areas where very often young children were not going on to secondary school because they stayed at home to work on the farms.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Mr President, the motion for a European Parliament resolution on Parliament's estimates of revenue and expenditure for the financial year 2009 tabled by Mr Lewandowski, together with the preliminary draft budget, reconciles the achievement of Parliament's tasks in that year - the tasks imposed by the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, the European Parliament elections, the new Members' Statute, buildings policy, the improvement of services for MEPs, energy saving, and so on - with further budget savings.
These deaths and injuries take place in more than 80 countries around the world, from Angola to Zimbabwe and even closer to home in the Balkans.
If we promote these crops, they will enrich ecological diversity, while at the same time this would have the advantage of our not concentrating solely on cereals, cereals which we cannot sell as it is.
Quality and safety standards for human blood and blood components
That is very important for the Netherlands, as it will mean that construction projects are not brought to a standstill.
Democratic elections were held in 1993, which gave some hope for the resolution of this bloody conflict.
Electromagnetic fields (EMF) are a matter of direct concern to EU citizens.
Nevertheless, the report gives a detailed account of how we Europeans are defending the rights of people worldwide.
We seem to have fallen down a black hole and be back in 1970. I find it quite intolerable.
Slovakia is sufficiently prepared even for an expansion of the influenza infection into a larger epidemic, perhaps because of the earlier avian influenza.
We welcome what is being done.
It safeguards against compensation for early repayment, promotes the harmonisation of legislative provisions and the opening up of national markets in the consumer credit sector, and is deliberately complex and unintelligible for borrowers.
That will not be easy or painless.
Quite apart from ethical and economic considerations, there is a salient point that makes the fight against corruption on a world scale a key factor in international relations.
Widely varying conditions are of course found throughout the islands of the European Union and yet however, above and beyond that diversity, how can we avoid noticing a great similarity within development problems, such as the narrowness of the economic market, environmental conservation and transport costs, even within the social conditions of the peoples linked to the concept of being cut off and limited in space.
I am even going to add something very important to prove that I am in full agreement with you.
We have always supported having an international agreement at EU level instead of 27 bilateral agreements, because the Union can put forward a stronger position not only on preventing and fighting terrorism, but also on protecting fundamental rights.
We should maintain the agenda as far as possible.
Now these weapons have been used, and we now have this problem, to which the Council responded by saying that no one could have known that events would unfold in this way.
It is always very difficult to know whether pacifism or its alternative is the right course of action.
In these cases, I consider prior consent to be an instrument for preventing excessive health tourism.
These are only a few of the deficiencies which have gone unremedied over these past years.
I believe that the necessary conditions for the existence of a single electric vehicle market must be created, while at the same time guaranteeing efficient coordination of policies at EU level, in order to avoid negative impacts, particularly on employment.
Moreover, the trade advantages given to Pakistan will be paid for by the European industries most affected, namely the textile industry of southern Europe, and also by the poor countries that export the same products to Europe, which will suffer from the diversion of European imports to Pakistan, for example Bangladesh or the countries of North Africa.
Can the Commission rule this out with absolute certainty?
It is cynical propaganda.
The former President of the Bundestag's Europe Committee, Jürgen Meier, also stated in the Constitutional Convention that a voluntary referendum could be agreed in the Bundestag, with an ordinary majority sought.
author. - Mr President, Commissioner, two years ago, following the removal of the quotas, the textile sector experienced a veritable big bang.
   Mr President, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur.
(RO) I would first of all like to congratulate the rapporteur and thank him for the approachability he has shown.
We need to pay particular attention to that so that they have a positive view of agriculture, and not a negative one.
Therefore we should not claim, either, that we are going to replace something that has yielded results, because that is not the case.
We can talk this through on the understanding that Parliament is prepared to accept that we do not encroach on the life of the current regulations, which lapse at the end of 1999, so that we do not run the risk of creating any kind of legal vacuum.
I would like to see more emphasis put on the regional approach to which some previous speakers have repeatedly referred.
However, there is one problem with the report, in my opinion, which is to do with how water charges should be regulated.
Resolving these challenges in fairness to everybody needs more, not less, globalisation.
They will be told that once upon a time, Europe was divided; there was a big wall down the middle of it and the people in the East were very poor and they had no democracy, and they lived under an evil system called Communism that killed millions of its own people.
When stocks decline, it is because there is a drop in supply and an increase in demand.
I live in the hope that we will succeed, and that European identity will never again be reduced to a cheap, trumped-up and harmful confrontation with the United States in the face of such serious threats to our security and to our values.
I will conclude by thanking Commissioner Gradin for this initiative and also for wanting to listen to Parliament.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, Europe should also perhaps play more of a part in the prevention and resolution of conflict in Asia.
Mr President, recent history and the Erika shipwreck, in particular, have shown that our coasts are under constant threat from shipping disasters.
Together with the Liberal Group and the Socialist Group, I have tabled three amendments to enhance the report' s practical implementability.
With the transfer of new directives and two decisions into two regulations, the text has been simplified and updated in accordance with new technological and scientific developments.
(Parliament approved the common position (as amended))
Today it has more than 50 companies involved in research, development and innovation in electric mobility for the whole of Europe.
The successful Scottish project of trying to get more fruit and vegetables available through schools has seen record numbers of children eating more healthily.
We are prepared to commit ourselves to this line, each Member State according to its means.
We all take the need to guard against terrorist threats very seriously, but our response has to be proportionate and justified.
However, we do not agree with the chosen method.
I feel I must thank you, on behalf of the House, for your exhaustive response to the debate.
There can be no question of my coming out with a Commission position as such today.
One essential amendment is the definition of bathing water.
I think that demonstrates a lack of responsibility and is contrary to the spirit of what we are trying to achieve here.
The European Union, therefore, has an obligation to promote these attempts at approximation with the aim of ensuring the interoperability of means both at intra-European and transatlantic levels, in order to avoid pointless and wasteful duplication and overlapping.
I have seen a report by Agence France Presse that quotes a source close to the Presidency of Parliament. It states that the new Hemicycle could be provisionally opened by Parliament between the middle and end of November 1998, and officially opened in December.
The European Union, therefore, needs to change its policies and resolve these contradictions.
This is a notion that should be taken seriously, because the Ombudsman seems to be the sole European institution that is really founded on the principles of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
I want to mention two serious kinds of illegal activities that unfortunately often go hand in hand with tourism in those areas.
We do not wish to quarrel with the list as decided up to 2004, despite the fact that here too the procedures were rather problematic.
Mr Bowe has done a magnificent job and brought a very complicated procedure to a close.
They are caught between Russia, which is the former dominant power and which still has a considerable interest in the area, Turkey, whose ambition is still to be the leader of a great, Turkish-speaking Central Asia, and Pakistan, which supports a plan for a great, fundamentalist Afghanistan, on the basis of the particularly dangerous tool of militant Islamism, just as Iran does.
Your first task is to create the background for the transparency required by the Amsterdam Treaty.
Certainly this is a matter that we should also consider for the next financial perspectives.
I accept that everybody should know what I say; I accept that everybody should know what I do; I accept that everybody should know where I go.
In addition, the Commission asks the Member States concerned to include in their operational plans a reduction of their fishing capacity, either temporary cessation or scrapping, to ensure that their quotas for 2008 and the following years are fully respected.
CONAI, the body which brings together producers and users of packaging, which is responsible for re-use of material other than wet waste, ends up by collecting the price in the South and then paying it to the North, which as usual profits from the situation to drain funds from the South and send them to the North.
In addition, so that public pension systems are sustainable, we must ensure that people have the opportunity to continue working up until retirement age.
There is ,of course, elasticity of demand, in this case a price elasticity of demand.
It is not acceptable to spring surprises on one another.
It must allow scope for the countries concerned to determine for themselves what their problems are, and let them draw up a plan to improve the situation and find a solution themselves.
Although artistic education is currently a compulsory subject in many educational systems, teaching models still vary considerably from one Member State to the next.
Thank you, Mr President. A lot of what was said in the previous debate is of great relevance to this directive too.
That is what we must make clear to the Chinese leaders.
That is all we are aiming for in the negotiations on the 2011 budget, and we are confident that an agreement can be reached if the Council Presidency negotiates effectively with its colleagues in Brussels.
(NL) I am in favour of enlargement but against this resolution because I regret the absence of a critical approach to various areas.
(DE) Thank you very much, Mr Oettinger, for your clear and convincing answer.
I voted against the report on migration flows because, although it contains a relatively accurate and balanced analysis of the basic causes that drive people into leaving their country, the report does not contain the necessary conclusions or proposals.
Without being protectionist, the line defended here may be described as less naïve.
in writing. - (DE) I rejected this report.
Because what happened in Setubal, in Portugal, only merited a pious resolution with no consequences whereas what happened in Belgium aroused strong reactions of solidarity, demonstrations, strikes and even the Commissioner did not hide his Belgian origins. This should not necessarily be denounced but it should be remembered, given that other situations and postures meant that a European Commissioner was obliged to give up the defence of national interests, in the case of the Portuguese.
What has Turkey given in return for this confidence?
As indicated in the motion for a resolution which, like Mrs Morgantini, I ask you to support en masse, I call on the Council not to recognise any regime in Afghanistan until sexual discrimination is eliminated. The Council must be more active and at least as active as it was with regard to Bin Laden.
For me, that is an indication that the legislation is being applied very differently by the Member States.
However, there are still many problems which need to be solved.
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
Mr President, there seems to be a trial of strength going on behind the scenes, during preparations for next week' s Feira European Council, between those who want to extend the Intergovernmental Conference agenda and those who want to cut it.
Mr President, Madam Foreign Minister, Commissioner, first I should like to pass on apologises for absence from Doris Pack, our top expert on crisis regions. She is on her way to Sarajevo and has asked me to stand in for her.
It is essential that an ambitious development aid policy is implemented beforehand.
They are alleged to make insufficient use of the expertise of the Commission services.
And since its members are proposed by the Member States, it is actually to the latter that my remarks are primarily addressed.
I feel that the next step is to develop this dialogue further, and in our report we make proposals to this end.
Ladies and gentlemen, the first term I am going to use when talking about the situation in the Middle East is frustration.
At a time when the WTO is discussing the development round, this is a very poor example for the European Union to give to Africa, even if the ‘everything but arms’ initiative is an attempt to disguise our divisions and our egotism.
During the discussions, which I have recently had with the Dutch presidency, we have also agreed to develop a proposal for joint action on this issue during the spring.
The Maastricht Treaty gave the Commission the right of initiative in the fields of internal affairs, justice and foreign policy, but in the past year the Commission has unfortunately made little use of this right.
Instead, he suggested reconciliation and dialogue as the only way forward in building confidence.
But from the very start, the main issues for us were the adoption of binding targets on waste reduction and recycling and opposition to the reclassification of incineration as energy recovery.
I would also like to draw attention to Amendment No 23.
Our PPE-DE - both group and party - have stood for those ideas since the 70s and 80s.
I do not know what you want to call these measures.
Adjustment to globalisation is a more appropriate political option than opposition to globalisation.
   Mr President, this resolution begins with a long list of the problems that have affected Spain.
This regulation will mean that money transfers will henceforth be subject to greater supervision, and banks will have to ensure that for each transfer of a prescribed amount of funds, all information relating to the payer is available.
It is a real problem.
EU farmers must be protected from unfair competition and therefore, the same standards that apply in the EU's agricultural sector must also apply to products exported from third countries. These conditions must be included in bilateral trade agreements.
The results of that policy can now be seen in our cities: wholesale unemployment, crime, the development of parallel societies.
This is a perfect expression of economic imperialism, which has gone so far that compensation is being rejected.
Work and society must fit the family rather than the other way round.
Also important is our amendment defining the 'almost major accident' concept: that is to say, a major accident avoided owing to an intervention, whether or not planned in advance, or owing to a chance coincidence, the result of which was that the major accident did not occur.
We hope that Turkey will help open a new chapter in the history of our region.
I would like you to know, therefore, that all my comments have been made in a constructive spirit, not only today, but for many years, while fighting for cohesion in this Parliament.
I have also been asked by Mrs Malmström whether we can specify a date for when the first applicant country will gain accession to the Union.
The Member States should pay in proportion to the size of their catches.
On the Irish Box, it makes no sense whatsoever in an important nursery and spawning area to try and increase the number of vessels that are going in there, to open up the Irish Box.
More structural reforms are urgently needed because we need to move from one-off effects to sustainability.
On the legal base, we have made no improvement whatsoever and there is a danger - and the Commissioner has already made the point - that we shall turn the clock back.
One last thought: due to the sensitivity of this issue, the newly created legislation cannot be set in stone.
It befits the Commission to express its gratitude towards the rapporteur.
What is at issue is a fall in production in areas such as Castile-La Mancha, Castile-Leon and Andalusia, which are all Objective 1 regions. Their economic activity revolves around this product as it represents the only means of making a living in these areas.
The Orange Revolution, which heralded a remarkable change in democratic thinking in Ukraine, occurred without any EU carrots being held out to change its system of government.
In addition, aid can also be granted within the framework of the European Regional Fund, the European Social Fund and the European Agricultural Guidance Fund in order to diversify into other activities in the coastal regions affected.
The welfare of our animals deserves regulation that is based on best scientific practice.
We hope, as does the Commission, that it will be operational in a few months' time.
It was with astonishing insight that these two adolescents wrote us a letter in which they reminded us of the enormous difficulties there are today in being a child of the third world.
Madam President, trade relations between EU countries and Ukraine are of very considerable importance because of the demographic potentials of the two partners.
The next item on the agenda is Mr Barton's recommendation for a second reading on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive on the masses and dimensions of certain categories of motor vehicles and their trailers and amending Directive 70/156/EEC (C4-0632/96-00/0348(COD)) (A4-0102/97).
This is the Dr Garetta syndrome, named after the official responsible for the contaminated blood case in France.
On the problems of guarantees for the sector, I would like to point out that the EU should consider the need to establish regulations seeking to prevent the mixing of seed oil with olive oil, a practice which is unfortunately permitted in some Community countries, for consumer protection.
Even in normal years - without BSE and foot-and-mouth crises - the error rates are high.
While these directives form the backbone of consumer protection in the EU, they must be consistently applied in the Member States, especially for Internet purchases.
The Commission will also try to persuade the Council to do likewise.
With regard to the basic arguments concerning the association agreement, the Commission has not the slightest hesitation in associating itself with Mr von Habsburg's report and speech, which has exactly pinpointed the fundamental geopolitical aspect of this agreement for Mediterranean stability.
Firstly, I believe that we should be a little mistrustful of high-sounding slogans and goals such as the Lisbon objectives, to which we are constantly referring.
Mr President, when I was a young boy living in Scotland, at nighttime I used to listen to a children's programme called 'Jackanory' ; it told you fairy tales.
Linguistic diversity is part of Europe's cultural legacy and a unique treasure that we all have a responsibility to protect.
Rather than the asylum system, it would then be the immigration system that would guarantee the best ticket into the European Union.
Nor would it be appropriate for foreign law to be applied in assessing the permissibility of industrial action taken under Swedish law on Swedish territory.
We are against every form of discrimination, whether it relates to payment for equal work or work of equal value, is based on sex, or discriminates against temporary workers compared with permanent staff.
Three years have passed since that statement and what has happened?
You can see from this that the Commission is taking this issue very seriously, it is constantly on the Commission's agenda and I look forward to bringing further proposals back to Parliament in due course on these issues.
Boumediene-Thiery report (A5-0207/2000)
I do not have much more to say now.
We no longer say that trade liberalisation and combating climate change will destroy 100% of our industries in Europe, where, in a way, we do not care, because the climate issue must take precedence.
The European Parliament conducted an intensive debate on racism and xenophobia, and then did something that sets it apart from a good many governments: instead of confining itself to formal declarations, it actually expressed unwelcome criticism, directed not just at the Debré draft law but also at the plans announced by the German Interior Minister, Mr Kanther, to introduce visas for children.
I am seriously concerned about the proposed terms of the protocol with Equatorial Guinea, which, as you know, is mainly about tuna, but those terms increase fishing possibilities by almost 50 %, the permissible number of licences is raised from 53 to 68, even though it has become very clear that the supervision and control measures are pretty toothless, the amount of finance allocated to scientific programmes is being substantially reduced and also that the territorial waters beyond the fourmile line are allowed to be used as a fishing zone.
We now have to talk not only about the constitution, but also about Europe’s borders.
These regions face natural difficulties, which makes production more difficult and restricts access.
The preamble to the proposal for supplementary macro-financial assistance contains an appropriate reference to this closure.
(The President cut off the speaker)
This is not about whether this process has biological merit, but rather about the question of origin as such.
in writing. - For over 40 years, Libya has been ruled by a dictatorial regime in which power is concentrated in one man, Colonel Gaddafi, the longest serving African and Arab leader.
In view of the highly complex nature and sheer scale of this phenomenon, the primary aim of the Green Paper is to launch a debate and to sound out all the interested parties.
I actually find it deplorable that today, shortly before this debate, it became clear that Connie Hedegaard is working as hard as possible in the Commission to try to get the minimum target for the European Union implemented.
I have been around long enough to know that the reality was very different, and it was at that time too. Europe has experienced very serious financial and economic crises, and has found it extremely difficult to overcome them.
Several Slovak businesses have voluntarily pledged to observe the so-called Business Code of Ethics for the euro changeover.

Finally, I am surprised at those who promote unconditional debt cancellation for the developing countries.
I promise that I will do everything in my power to convince the partner States to make this dramatic issue an essential element of their social policy, of their education policy and of their cultural policy.
We are, however, opposed to proposals in the report that interfere in the Member States’ areas of competence, for example that of how the police are organised.
They have analysed the problem, suggested improvements, but sadly little has been achieved.
Good night.
MINUK approached the Commission with regard to the financing of the Kosovo protection force and the Member States shall take a decision, in the weeks to come, regarding the programme we suggested in response to this request.
Here a distinction should be made between, firstly, the three European institutions, the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, and secondly, between all the other Community bodies.
Intellectual property rights must also be adhered to with the use of trademarks and patents.
In the Middle East, a constant source of tension, the issue has to be resolved by the establishment of two sovereign states - Israel and Palestine - with absolute security guarantees for both.
I do, however, regard a specific transition mechanism between Objectives 1 and 2 as an appropriate addition.
The objective of our policy must be to reduce the climate-change impact without also reducing growth in this key sector.
If Europe's wealth lies in its diverse cultures, and no one wants to see the culture and language of small nations disappear, then ethnic minorities have an even greater need of protection, including legal protection.
I now invite the representative of the Council, Jean-Pierre Jouyet, to address us.
8.
But you cannot now put to a roll-call vote the principle of a transitional system for the duration of the fifth parliamentary term, following a very clear vote which you yourself ordered, which took place and in which a majority in this House voted in favour.
It is to be welcomed that this is exactly what the Commission has done.
This is, however, incredible since we are going to vote on the European arrest warrant, which will enter into force in 2004, namely in two years' time, and today they are telling us that there will be a Laeken European Council.
First, the rising cost of food and energy hits the very poorest families hardest.
I cannot give an off-the-cuff answer to that right now.
I do not believe that there is actually anybody in this House who is opposed to a cohesion policy.
Otherwise – and this is where I agree with the Vice-President, not where her comments on the Spanish Government are concerned – we will end up in serious difficulties as regards competition and our competitive position, with consequent heavy demands being made of external economic policy.
From which I conclude that our security around the entrance is far from guaranteed.
The proposal by the rapporteur to make greater recourse to technology and have only an identification number in the product itself - rather than a label that becomes increasingly long - with the information being accessible in other documents, possibly via the Internet, would certainly help those looking for very detailed information.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
Let us get this straight.
The problem is not that there is more competition, but it is problematic when competitiveness is won at the price of worsening social benefits or deteriorating working conditions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, regarding all the positions that have been voiced, even the most critical ones, and those who are preparing to vote for the common position, without supporting a package that improves it, I should just like to say that there is freedom in this Parliament and that we shall remain on good terms as before.
I therefore take the Commissioner' s words as a promise that this will happen.
Some countries already have methodologies and strategies for road infrastructure safety management and they must be able to retain these.
It is in breach of laws that have been used, and continue to be used to try and pass sentence on the most odious criminals, including the Nazis.
The President stopped me exercising my right of free speech.
Now, the EU must rally around our values of freedom and, united, actively support the forces that wish to build a new Iraq, a sovereign and democratic country that takes its place in the international community.
Clearly we cannot be complacent. We have to keep up the momentum.
The report labels NATO as 'the core of European security'.
Both the press and Commission sources have extensively quoted from this report.
All the same, we should have liked to be told how the existing consultation processes operate in the multitude of management and regulatory committees and the numerous working groups already gravitating around the Commission.
Only a very few.
A few remarks concerning figures: at the World Food Summit last spring, I offered the analysis that approximately 80% of the people who are really starving in the world do so because of conflicts.
Member States and EU institutions will not be bound by its findings.
The other element which is important in my opinion is, on the one hand, the impossibility of direct access and, on the other, the change in the modalities of accessing data.
in writing. - (RO) I voted in favour of the resolution regarding Romania's accession to the Convention of 23 July 1990 on the elimination of double taxation in connection with the adjustment of profits of associated enterprises, because I consider it necessary to reduce the fiscal burden for tax payers.
I just wonder whether my colleagues would agree with me how disappointing it is that there has not been much support for a written declaration which is being sponsored by my colleague from the West Midlands, Malcolm Harbour, who is the Chairman of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
That is a bit self-contradictory.
The EU is dependent on this in order to keep the Lisbon process on track.
in writing. I voted for this report and warmly welcome measures to protect and enhance the use of minority languages.
Everyone has a say, and this is something which those circles in the Czech Republic should bear in mind.
   As I said, Question Time is closed, as the Council has to leave.
But we do not, most of us, expect that to be passed on only through a bloodline, somehow, and a deep connection with territory, but through citizenship, through law and through our rights.
We are seeing societies that, resigned to their fate, refuse, in spite of everything that has happened, to lose even hope in the face of these tragedies that affect them from time to time, as though they were some sort of collective Sisyphus watching his work being undone, just as he was about to complete it.
In addition, there is also the whole dimension of obligation.
At the same time, the hop market is currently beset by global structural surpluses.
.
Certainly the amendments to it by my colleagues Mr de Roo and Mr Lange are moving in the right direction.
(The sitting was opened at 9 a.m.)
The new CAP must enable people to enjoy an adequate supply of quality food, as well as being able to sustain the production of non-marketable public assets.
It might therefore be hoped that our fellow Member’s timely question will finally lead to some results.
I would like to reassure Mr Rübig, so that he knows that when the Council of Ministers and Parliament are united in support of the negotiator, the negotiator's task is made much easier.
We must work in concert with the Council, which has some very important powers, and also with the European Council, which gives general direction and impetus to the work of the Union.
I hope that the Council and the Commission will rate human rights more important than gas supplies and other economic interests.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me start by thanking the rapporteur.
Of course, I am referring here to the financial regulations and would like to clearly state, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets and in the presence of the Minister, that we need a guarantee and that the approval of the budget next Thursday is conditional on receiving this guarantee.
The initial intention of promoting cross-border business is very important and is very good, and I really hope that during the forthcoming negotiations with the Council we will manage to make these adjustments to achieve an optimal result.
The exclusion of memorials to dictatorships that for decades oppressed various peoples in the south of Europe shows a lack of respect for the thousands of victims of these dictatorships.
The Commission has many a time even neglected its obligation to inform Parliament of its decisions.
The public quite rightly expects and deserves good customer service but this proposal is a step too far.
But we want the profession to remain intact, so incentives must be created to help in particular the younger generation of fishermen to change to alternative fishing methods.
In this context of great tension where the stakes are so high, any ambiguous political words or action on the war, but also, where applicable, any absence of initiative against the war, actually constitute an advantage for the most aggressive and unilateralist government the United States has ever known.
Since then, I have been told week after week and month after month that structural reforms must be carried out, yet it is rare for me to come across anyone who is able to say exactly what these structural reforms should look like.
I do not agree with the German agricultural minister's view that export refunds on live cattle can now no longer be justified.
But I also believe that you must finally take courage and throw a stone into the water.
The assessment of the need, which has only just begun, is urgent.
Finally I would like to say a few words in general about budgetary procedure.
The third point I want to underline in this report is the recommendations it makes.
We fly to Strasbourg with Regional Airlines. Since this aviation company was taken over by Air France this year, one in two flights has been cancelled.
I feel that it was logical to do the work that we did.
Expenditure on a school fruit scheme should be viewed in this light, and therefore the scheme will represent an actual saving in the Member States' health budgets. Thus, it will, overall, have a positive effect, first and foremost on public health, but also on the European economy.
   – Immigration is too serious a subject to simply leave to the polling organisations or to decree it to be an important subject only during national elections.
As far as poverty reduction is concerned, the Council is aiming only at economic growth.
We have been struggling over this for months.
European Grouping of Territorial Cooperation (debate)
Subject: Role of the media in the increased sexual exploitation of women
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to make use of the opportunity afforded by the discussion of this report to underline the distinction that should continue to be drawn between the harmonisation of toll collection systems and the uniform collection of tolls as tax.
To this end, Mr Daems, Commissioner Liikanen, allow me to illustrate an amendment which I tabled together with 51 Members from different political groups precisely to Mr Paasilinna' s directive. Mr Paasilinna has worked very hard on his proposal on the framework directive on telecommunications.
Having seen at first hand what MEDA has done in Gaza and the West Bank, I welcome many of the suggestions made by Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou in this report, and I wish to take this opportunity to congratulate her.
It would be unreasonable to make people pay for this surveillance of themselves.
Another issue I would like to raise concerns visas for all European citizens travelling to the United States.
It is of course important that there is a clear link between the political priorities, both before and after their implementation in the Commission's annual legislative programme, so that the EU's budget appears as an integrated political instrument.
The scale on which human rights activists are being murdered in Russia is such that to interpret this phenomenon as the result of 'ordinary crime' is utterly reckless.
I feel that this Parliament behaved in a eunuch-like way yesterday in refusing to link this debate on food safety and the WTO with a resolution.
The factories of Europe are going to third countries and wages of course are going with them.
I agree with the Commissioner when he says that this is an extremely important report.
The proportion allocated to regional policy in the European Union budget for the next financial perspective is at approximately the same level as it was previously.
This report, which the European Parliament adopted by a huge majority, has been on ice for over two years, because it is being blocked by the Council, despite the fact that citizens are calling increasingly loudly for European solidarity against the background of the ever more frequent occurrence of natural disasters.
This saying is relevant here because we are once again having to express our regret at something we should have prevented through stricter control measures and by bringing forward the date for the disappearance of single-hull ships - and please note, Commissioner, that I wrote this before hearing you speak and I am therefore in agreement with what you said at the beginning.
B5-0784/2001 by Jillian Evans, Hautala, Sörensen, Breyer, Isler Béguin, Buitenweg, Auroi and Schroedter, on behalf of the Greens/European Free Alliance Group,
The European Commission must open negotiations with Moscow on this issue, and every effort should be made jointly to specify the criteria for checks so that they become easier to understand.
As soon as the information is available the necessary action will be taken.
I am particularly pleased about the adoption of the 12 basic rights of passengers, applying to all passengers on this form of transport, regardless of the distance.
On the issue of supervision, I have been vocal about the need to strengthen supervisory cooperation.
The wording of the latest version of the agreement already reads like legislative text as it applies in individual Member States.
This is not acceptable, since comparable sanctions in all Member States is an important element to achieve the same degree of deterrence in all Community waters and thus create a level playing field through the establishment of a common framework at the Community level.
Thanks to this aid, we are making a contribution to resolving the situations of social justice and to improving the living conditions of the local population, as well as strengthening the democratic institutions.
The report falls under the discharge procedure.
In the report by the MEP at the time, which is the report on the request for the waiver of immunity, it says 'given the request made by the Spanish Minister for Justice' , but when you look into the case, the letter from the minister cannot be found.
Thirdly, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 44 and 48 because they introduce measures which have not been adequately studied or in connection with which there is not, as yet, the requisite scientific data, but which will be attended to, however, in the second phase of the Auto/Oil programme.
Mr President, today money laundering is probably the most sophisticated and complex financial transaction.
We are also very much looking forward to your anticipated study on consumer labelling.
When it does suit the Commission, though, other documents of the former European Constitution secretly resurface and are even made legally binding.
The Court of Justice backed Parliament’s view as regards the legal basis, overturning the Council’s decision, with effect from 1 October 2006.
You can count on large parts of this Parliament to give you robust support when arguing against those who may wish to confine the round to no more than a narrow series of sector-specific commercial trade-offs.
Much of the research funding for this came from the European Union.
This House will help.
The reason I say this is because I believe that we still have work ahead of us in the Member States in terms of explaining and debating the issue of market surveillance.
On the contrary, within its reforms of the "large-scale farming' COM, the Commission proposes a 0 % compulsory rate of fallow land, along with an alignment of the aid to oil-producing crops with that of aid to straw cereal crops, on the pretext of both the Blair House agreements limiting huge amounts of fallow land and a future possible gain in profitability in oil production using, of course, genetically modified seed.
Most Member States, as you are aware, have specific procedural rules for competition-related issues and these include, for example, referring these cases directly to higher courts, limiting the number or type of competent courts or using specialist courts.
In the first place, this crisis shows us that in complex situations such as Hurricane Mitch in Central America it is sometimes impossible for aid workers to cope without the assistance of military structures.
The Commission's communication is a first step towards having a strategy that covers prevention and recycling.
We are really being asked to be the handmaidens of patent law.
The Agency, which would be responsible for these vessels and for the deployment at different strategic points on European coasts, must also implement a series of plans for responding to maritime accidents of this type.
To conclude, Parliament and the Commission must commit themselves to achieving a new level of quality in their political work.
We therefore share the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, of waiting for the study into the impact of this directive to come out, which has been commissioned due to the contentious nature of the subject matter.
Everyone talks about extending majority decisionmaking, but everyone brings to the table their own set of exceptions, courtesy of the ministries of their national governments, and it is almost impossible for those in charge of the negotiations to prevent a zero-sum outcome.
For years, the image of Albania in Italy has been one of barges and motorboats full of desperate men and women who, spurred on by poverty and pain, reach the Adriatic coast exhausted in search of a future that would be impossible in their own country.
   Mr President, Moldova is a small landlocked country, the poorest in Europe, whose importance to the EU will rise as our frontiers will border it by 2007.
Mr President, I wish to begin by welcoming the report and congratulating the rapporteur.
This trial must be in accordance with the rule of law and monitored by international observers.
Secondly, this operation will help enhance the role and profile of the European Union in this country.
We have sought to improve upon the Commission’s proposal, by making a number of changes to it, so as to adapt it more effectively to the proposed aims, to frame the cultural dimension more clearly and to place the accent on the importance of our common cultural heritage, without undermining contemporary creativity.
There is, however, an increasing need to enforce liability for remedying environmental damage.
Furthermore, as regards implementation and monitoring compliance, which are covered by Article 10 of the proposal for a regulation, I believe that these tasks should be carried out by the competent authorities of each Member State.
Should we vote for censure?
I would like to address the research and technological development sector because it continues to remain extremely under-resourced.
We endorse these proposals, and are likewise convinced that those being made by the Committee on Fisheries, involving inspectors, will lead to a more responsible attitude on the part of governments.
It is unfortunate that you chose to go back on a text which is a credit to the European Parliament, striking, as it in one sense did, a miraculous balance between protecting our industry and guaranteeing the universality of the language of software and the freedom of access to it.
The study will encompass all these issues.
Therefore I would like to draw the attention of my colleagues to the fact that it is not enough merely to create and produce a vaccine, it is necessary to prepare specialists with focused specialisation and highly qualified medical personnel and to deploy them in a battle against tuberculosis.
in writing. - (PT) The Tabajdi report stresses the potential of agricultural biogas and suggests adopting a directive on biogas production.
Slow pay is a terrible problem afflicting SMEs especially in the southern Union states like Spain.
The relevant precautions are lacking, as is positive assistance to Mexico.
We are showing respect today for all of the victims of these inhumane acts.
Given the forestry industry's great economic, social and environmental importance, what measures will the Commission take in support of that industry in those areas of Sweden affected by the storm?
I watched a very disturbing report on CNN about the state of the Pearl River in China.
We can only have a genuine food aid policy if, among others, we reorganize agricultural production in our European Union.
Providing information should be one of our fundamental tasks.
This is not the beginning of the end of your speech, it is the end of your speech.
We also call on the Commission to include social clauses in international treaties and request that the implementation of these social clauses be supported by positive measures and incentives to help the countries and the companies that comply with those clauses.
By way of compromise, an additional Executive Board is to be set up, with just five members.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, I wish to thank all the Members who have participated in the discussion in this House, who have delivered speeches, even if, in several cases, the 2009 budget was just the occasion for the speech rather than the subject of it.
Mr Gallagher, I do not think we need return to a matter which, at the moment, is not our responsibility.
I ascertain that in this regions a certain rhythm has been found, but that a transfer of financial resources from objective 4 to objective 5 is needed, as suggested by Mrs Van Lancker.
It just goes to show where the Commission's interests lie.
The debate is closed.
   Mr President, we must take note of the fact that this is a very serious and unambiguous report, which is indicative of an extremely European and, I would say, age-old culture: Monaco culture, Vichy culture, Mussolini culture, the culture of the Jerusalem Mufti.
New rules are necessary for many reasons: scientific progress in the last decade, new elements such as carbon sinks, the transboundary nature of gas emissions and the obvious need for a Community approach and the harmonisation of rules in this area.
This sort of contact is important.
This is a startling situation.
It is a disgrace which must be prevented and stopped.
General product safety and market surveillance (short presentation)
Indeed, the estimated global market value in 2008 was EUR 124 billion, projected to reach EUR 230 billion by 2025. Of this, 20% is represented by intelligent transport systems (ITS) and 5% by safety applications, including transport safety applications.
But let us return to my starting-point.
(DE) Mr President, I have just a brief statement to make on the amendment.
Now, when I heard the Commission again, I thought I detected an understanding of the notion that politics is politics.
Last October in this House parliamentarians called on the Commission and the Member States to honour the legacy of Anna Politkovskaya by making the restoration of free media in Russia a primary condition for the further development of our relations, because, only if we send a clear signal that we value Anna Politkovskaya's quest for truth and freedom more highly than oil and gas, will conditions in Russia start to change.
The basic conclusion of the report is that we, as the European Parliament, regret that there is a slowdown in reforms.
Instead of spirit, we are going to end up with ghosts and sleepless nights because, in reality, commitments are not being fulfilled.
Finally, I will turn to Iran.
That is why the responsibility for achieving the efficiency target and at the same time reducing CO2 lies with the Community, which in fact takes action when an objective can be achieved more effectively by Community measures.
Further, all this translates into a compromise on the specific programmes involved. The proposal is for a single programme with eight sub-programmes.
Firstly, the scope of the directive must certainly be clarified and even extended.
Of course these would also be checked under the usual system of inspection.
In order to do so, we must put pressure on President Milosevic to make him stop the repression immediately, initiate dialogue with the Kososvo representatives and re-establish the autonomy of that region, whose legal status he removed some years ago.
Augusto Pinochet's arrest is good news, particularly for his victims and for their families.
I believe this means that the European citizen has a decent piece of legislation.
Safety, hygiene and health protection at work
   Ladies and gentlemen, the establishment of the European Institute for Gender Equality, which will facilitate the elimination of all forms of gender discrimination throughout Europe, is of paramount importance.
Madam President, much has been said tonight, and it is difficult to add anything refreshingly new.
As far as we are concerned, the economic situation in the Union exhibits significant deficiencies in crucial aspects which need to be stressed.
Mr Wijsenbeek, I have been very tolerant but I cannot allow the dialogue to continue.
It does not mean abandoning the high ideals and important objectives which lie behind these systems.
In Poland in particular - where a majority in Parliament and a majority of the people take a different view, but where the President is making use of his prerogatives - I hope that change will come about in time.
These, Commissioners, are our demands, which have a symbolic value as far as public opinion is concerned, a justified value as far as the employees are concerned, and, if I may say so, are useful as far as the economy is concerned, for how is it possible to manage a knowledge-based economy without the employees being involved?
I visited Lebanon very recently, and I saw there that UNIFIL, with the presence of the European contingents, makes a repeat of hostilities in southern Lebanon and Israel impossible.
   Mr President, the introduction of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the European Constitution is a step forward in the Union’s political dimension towards a more democratic and more social Europe.
I think, therefore, that this issue needs to be discussed further with Russia, with other potential aspects in mind also, and this is particularly true in view of the announcement by Mr Ivanov, Russia's vice-premier, concerning moving the flow of container freight to Russian ports alone.
Common organization of the market in bananas (continuation)
The Commission is determined to ensure that this is not the case.
The regions will now have to compensate for the financial cuts at the very heart of European integration by putting forward more intelligent plans.
   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, speaking as a Swedish Conservative, I welcome the Irish Presidency.
Welcome to the club, TonyYou are welcome to do this job.
In my capacity as rapporteur, I would like to make a number of recommendations to the Bank, notwithstanding the positive assessment of its work overall.
The media screen of achievements that you have put up does not hide the very serious questions appearing on the horizon.
We now come to the contributions of the rapporteurs.
However, when we talk about the objectives of the programme, we must emphasise that the maintenance and knowledge of cultural heritage must be expressly included in the objectives of this programme.
With regard to the second part of your question: according to our spring forecasts, carried out on the basis of the non-revised Greek GDP figures, the public deficit for this year is expected to fall to 2.4%, compared to last year's 2.6 %.
We also need acceptable transition times for the whole business.
We hope that we can work together to create a legal basis which corresponds to our European concept of civil rights.
(DE) Madam President, I would like to say to Mr Ehrenhauser that he should pay a visit to our universities and see for himself how creative they are and also that no student is in a position of dependence just because he or she might have been granted a bursary from business.
But there are lots of other issues for the fishing industry.
The EU would appear to be giving the new Member States support with one, visible hand, in the form of various funds, while taking it away with another, invisible hand by attracting its young specialists.
It is clear that we must also analyse the interim stages on the timeline between 2020 and 2050 and define additional interim targets.
As such, Parliament is using this resolution to express its support for the new proposals aiming to improve access to finance and the markets for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); for the measures to continue the process of cutting bureaucracy through strengthened governance and monitoring; for smart regulation; and for measures such as the SME performance review.
Last year it was 10 %.
Another point concerning the Commission's document is as follows: the Commission sets out its intention to develop telematics and illustrates the advantages, but does not analyse the costs of not using telematics.
Firstly, we have managed to achieve a consensus in Committee even on critical points such as the extension that had been called for in the scope of the directive from train drivers to other train crew.
The Member States have greater individual responsibility.
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, the central question in this debate is what is now the best way of ensuring that the reforms, particularly in the area of justice and in the fight against corruption and organised crime, are sustained beyond 2007.
We shall look into the case and, if appropriate, we shall act in accordance with your suggestion.
During all information and observation missions, the OSCE must also pay special attention to the level of respect for human rights in the area in order to prevent an escalation of violence if any incidents do occur.
The creation of joint subcommissions for human rights would be an important step, for neighbouring countries as well, where a continuous deterioration of human rights is occurring.
Furthermore, the resolution of 3 April 1998 of the 54th UN Commission calls for a moratorium on executions with a view to complete abolition of the death penalty.
For this reason, it is essential to ensure that the principle of relative stability is adhered to and that the fishing areas reserved exclusively for national or local communities are not just maintained, but also extended.
We will conduct an economic impact assessment and a transport impact assessment before this goes ahead.
This is serious and promising work.
And perhaps we will see it tomorrow in Montenegro.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is no disputing the fact that, along with the rules on free movement, health and safety at work is one of the European Union's spheres of activity that does not lack an unambiguous legal basis.
Rejection may not be palatable, but it must be faced.
Similarly, Mr Marín has failed to demonstrate economical management and effective implementation of funds and financial control in accordance with regulations.
For two weeks there was hope; then the radios stopped and a complete silence fell, and behind that silence thousands were killed and hundreds exiled.
If an important group in this Parliament wants to organise a dialogue between mothers of soldiers and Mr Zakayev, then this should be covered by parliamentary immunity; if not, Belgium is not worthy of retaining the seat of the European Parliament here in Brussels.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur for having worked so quickly.
That text of ours would have put in an effective remedy.
Secondly, if this leads us to say that we want to get the United Nations more involved, then we must give more attention to it and to our relations with it overall - and that is what Parliament and the Commission are currently working on.
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected?
Has the Commission, on the basis of the revised Article 209a (Article 280 in the Treaty of Amsterdam), planned any action to harmonize legislation designed to protect the Community's financial interests, including legislation to safeguard against fraud affecting the euro?
It is essential that the responses that are found to these challenges help to create a Europe that is fair from the economic, social and environmental sustainability points of view.
. (DE) Madam President, over the last few days you have worked miracles time and again.
We do not want old-style alignment with the world market.
I am bound to say that I look at the part of the bottle that is half full, which is to say that at least yesterday the authorities allowed the visit, brief as it may have been, something which for some of the members of the delegation had not been possible on previous occasions.
While I was there, I had the chance to discuss matters with Mr Marroni.
I believe that we must remain very prudent when dealing with an issue such as this.
(LV) Mr President, I should like to ask you what the expression 'test pilot' means?
Is a proposal for a directive already being prepared, or are there other plans?
In his annual report, the UN Secretary-General notes that, one year on from the deployment of KFOR, we face a well-developed, organised and well-orchestrated campaign against the Serbs and other ethnic groups in Kosovo, which is undermining confidence in the future and transforming Kosovo into a breeding ground for retaliation and crime.
Mr President, this is just one example that the questioner has raised concerning the situation in Turkey.
The EU has also guaranteed that it will not meddle with taxes in Ireland, and this thanks to Dublin.
Mr President, the Helsinki Summit of EU leaders has been quite accurately billed as the European Union's enlargement Summit, and there can be no doubt that this European Council meeting has lived up to this particular expectation.
It is true that we can be patient, and indeed the Sahrawi people have been patient, as they have been waiting endlessly for this referendum to be held.
Regarding the internal dimension of countering and preventing terrorism, we do have in our counter-terrorist strategy some key objectives on how the Union can contribute in the fight against terrorism.
The European Union must invest in European initiatives promoting renewable energy sources and their introduction into the European electricity grid, as well as in biofuels and green transport.
When will this duplicity end?
Not only do we wish to see alternative development funded from this budget line; we are also calling for a systematic examination of the Community's other financial instruments and the European Development Fund to see if they can help to support the concept of alternative development.
For example, since last year, the executive directors in the World Bank from the European Union have been holding annual meetings with Members of this Parliament, with the Commission and with representatives of non-governmental organisations.
I hope that this agreement will not cause the EU any surprises in the future and that it will be clarified before signing the agreement that the EU is entitled to obtain information from the US database and that there is no possibility of data being transferred to third countries.
Another hearing – the Court hearing – will take place in Luxembourg on 24-28 April 2006.
The honourable Member's question concerning migration to an open API for application programs is about operational compatibility for interactive TV services.
It is likely that the camp discovered is not the only one of its kind.
I consider it unfortunate that the Council has not yet reached an agreement, because of the opposition of some Member States.
The European institutions must join forces and take action on this matter.
The fact that these people have existed for so many years is not because there was no euro or Economic and Monetary Union.
Europeana makes available online nearly five million items.
It is not negotiable.
The resulting growth in productivity triggers further cuts in the workforce.
The sentence is puzzling in that over 30 years after the fall of the Khmer Rouge regime, very many of the leaders of the regime in Cambodia still have not been tried.
It would be interesting if the Commission were to explain this to us, or otherwise tell us whether it would be appropriate, for example, for this issue to be considered as a matter of fundamental rights in the Commission proposal to the Convention.
The open method of coordination established between the Member States does not, I repeat, involve any legal commitment vis-à-vis the Member States.
