I listened with great interest to what the President-in-Office had to say.
A conference was held on this topic in Parliament earlier this year and I look forward to the Commission's report in the autumn.
I made a speech on Friday 23 October which was incorrectly reported on page 10 of the Minutes.
in writing. - (NL) In the end, I voted against this resolution as, following its amendment in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in plenary, we have ended up with a text that assumes Turkish membership of the European Union.
This plan of action was decided upon this morning by the Commission, bringing together several Commissioners, each responsible for their own area.
(NL) Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, I should like to congratulate Portugal on its Presidency and thank it for its pledge to work closely together with this House.
However, because it is such a small amount and because it only affects small farms, which basically do a good job in the countryside, you should reconsider.
I am grateful to you, and I am firmly convinced that, if there were more Verhofstadts in Europe, we would make much more progress.
We also agree with the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.
I should like to thank Mr Bangemann for what he said and in particular I would like to thank him on behalf of the small and medium-sized enterprises in my constituency which will look very favourably upon this particular proposal for change.
Only, the term 'healthy food' does itself appear to be paradoxical.
This is why I argued in the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection for transparent and more easily understandable information on the emission ratings of vehicles.
Parliament has also successfully ensured that real progress is made on the interoperability of toll systems and that stronger incentives are given to use less polluting heavy goods vehicles.
With this in mind, it seems logical that the funds should be earmarked for these countries, rather than being spent on information initiatives of questionable benefit in the countries which have already been highly successful in introducing the single currency.
As was detailed very precisely in the Commission proposal, the principle of the visa exemption is certainly to be supported, given that the level of economic development, education and democratic governance of Taiwan is comparable to the OECD countries in the region - South Korea and Japan.
If we do not want our rural areas to continue to decline and the numbers of farmers to continue to reduce, posing a serious threat to the self-sufficiency of the EU Member States, then it is high time we stopped paying agricultural subsidies to the big agricultural concerns and instead gave the money to those who really need it in order to survive - in other words, to small farmers.
In the original working time directive we had agreed way back in 1993 that it would be possible to introduce annualisation of working time for categories of workers, but only where collective agreements allowed that to happen.
.
Penalties for serious infringements against the social rules in road transport (
Then there is freedom of access to negotiating documents on the partnership and cooperation agreements with countries such as China.
The result does not matter; in the end Spanish, French and British citizens will have a much greater understanding of Italians.
I shall just mention that the Czech Prime Minister Topolánek visited Skopje yesterday and reaffirmed our commitment to the European aspiration of this country.
To enable the Community budget to support these Member States, the Commission has amended its proposal for a joint action to allow us to make use of the European Refugee Fund. This will allow us to draw on the European Refugee Fund, a fund which, I would remind you, holds EUR 15 million.
in writing. - (BG) I voted for this resolution because an effective mechanism needs to be established for settling trade disputes between the European Union and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
Evidently, the Roma are not simply an ethnic and national minority, but are also a multiply disadvantaged social minority.
This is one of the costs of a genuinely effective fight against terrorism.
Suddenly, all sides are calling for effective cross-border consumer protection and robust action where wrongly labelled products are concerned.
I would like to highlight the following as being particularly relevant: (1) the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) supports the reintegration of workers made redundant from the labour market, without absolving the companies of their responsibilities; (2) in the context of the mobilisation of the EGF, the Commission has proposed an alternative sourcing of payment appropriations other than unused European Social Fund (ESF) resources, as Parliament has urged; (3) the functioning and added value of the EGF should be evaluated in the context of the general assessment of the programmes and various other instruments created by the IIA of 17 May 2006 within the process of the 2007-2013 multiannual financial framework (MFF) mid-term review; (4) the Commission's proposal includes information about the application, analysing the eligibility criteria and explaining the reasons which led to its approval, which is also in line with Parliament's requests.
It is just as essential to seek out women who are not so well informed and less accessible.
The Commission clearly supports the Assembly's wish to take on a more politically ambitious role. This is very much in line with what we would like the Cotonou Agreement to contribute generally in North-South relations and giving that a parliamentary accent is also very desirable.
Differences must be expressed if they are effectively to be overcome and that is how we managed to make progress on the question of medicines, when the north-south conjunction proved effective.
A recent survey in Ireland showed that, while Irish freshwaters are still markedly less polluted than the European average, up to 30% of river length has been contaminated by phosphates.
We want to make use of this information at a later stage, that is after the delegation has returned, as the basis for a major debate in this House, involving the Council and the Commission, and leading to the adoption of a really well founded resolution.
It seems almost to be an unfortunate coincidence, placing a greater onus on us, now that we are preparing to debate the proposal and the timeliness of whether or not to reopen the Mont Blanc tunnel.
I would like to underline the contribution of the European Parliament.
I hope to be able to report to the Committee on Fisheries on possible solutions in the near future.
I would like to ask you to confirm unambiguously for the benefit of all the candidate countries that these subject areas are not covered by the acquis communautaire.
I feel that this is a well-balanced legislative proposal that has sought to strike a balance between safeguarding the industry's legitimate interests, and especially those of the SMEs, with the need to protect the environment and public health.
Mr President, I would just like to make it clear that the reason why the Committee on External Economic Relations has not dealt with this problem is the delay in consulting us. As a matter of fact we are not usually consulted at all.
As rapporteur, I am aware that the Agency works in Kosovo under difficult political conditions.
It is in the nature of such reports that it deals with difficulties and problems, so one might be tempted to be pessimistic and there are signs of that already.
The three-year period being proposed means in fact that the effective period in which the exchange of information has taken place will be only two years.
The next item is the report (A5-0223/2003) by Herman Vermeer, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive relating to the protection of pedestrians and other vulnerable road users in the event of a collision with a motor vehicle and amending Directive 70/156/EEC (COM(2003) 67 - C5-0054/2003 - 2003/0033(COD)).
We are abstaining from voting in the final vote.
This is not something that is purely related to poverty.
There are a few points I should like to make in the three minutes available to me.
As Minister Sasi said, this has been a very helpful debate.
Similarly Moldovan interest in the possibility of the dispatch of an EU fact-finding mission is positive.
These are proliferating in my own country.
However, in the context of the rights of the child we felt that the treatment of the subject deserves separate attention and as such does not belong here.
Thank you, Commissioner Pinheiro.
Anyone who has paid close attention to the developments affecting the car industry will agree with me that an unprecedented consensus has been reached in favour of electric vehicles.
I agree with the rapporteur's suggestion that there should be a similar requirement for structural funds.
Let all the specialist committees and European Affairs Committees colour-code every single proposal: black, if the national parliament wants to see binding EU laws; green, if there are to be minimum provisions with the option of better protection for welfare, health, the environment, the working environment, security, consumer protection and animal welfare; yellow, if the desire is merely for voluntary coordination instead of binding laws; and red, if the EU is to steer completely clear of a matter.

Today, ironically in the Dublin district court, sex assault charges against this individual were dropped.
   – The many opinions and different arguments show what a sensitive subject this is and what a sense of responsibility we need to show here.
The Cross-Border Mergers Directive was due to be transposed by Member States by December 2007.
Even now, the majority of Indian foreign investment is situated in the European Union and the Tata Group alone is a leading employer in the industrial sector in Great Britain.
I do not consider that liberalisation will have negative implications for employment, for the lower cost of energy will allow companies more room for development and create a greater number of jobs than are lost with the end of the monopolies.
(DE) Mr President, looking at the agenda and assuming that the debate on Georgia takes place today, we do not have any specific requests.
The current proposal totally contradicts this policy and will do substantial damage to Community protection of intellectual property rights.
That is what I would assume.
The poor countries are in urgent need of help. This makes their position all the more difficult.
In order for immigrant groups to be integrated, they must show a greater desire for this to take place and make the necessary efforts to assimilate.
I must say, this sounds rather absurd to me.
With the conclusion of 1996 we reached the midway point in the current programming period.
This is because when they see that all the atmospheric pollution and other forms of pollution that we are suffering from have done more damage in the last 20 years to buildings such as cathedrals, that are centuries old, than they have in previous centuries, they will be aware that something is happening.
How did this virus get to Europe from Asia?
However, I should like to put one question to you, and I do not know whether you are willing or indeed able to answer it, because this is not your own area of responsibility.
When I look at the Austrian Member who spoke of a basic right to health that we are all trampling under foot, yes, ladies and gentlemen, then I would like to call for an immediate stop to night journeys by freight trains, because people’s health is affected when railway trains travel through cities and villages at night making a tremendous amount of noise.
I think the lesson of this close vote is that any attempt at the end of this legislature to prolong the life of having a fourth Vice-President for each committee and a sixth Quaestor would be doomed to failure, and I would advise against it.
Firstly, the ALTENER programme is open to participation from countries in line for accession.
Irish luck places us in the right place at the right time.
In view of these major challenges that face us in the textiles and clothing sector and which will remain for some years to come, in particular, as you have stressed, the effect of abolishing import quotas on 1 January 2005, the Commission has re-examined its policies and instruments in order to identify measures or lines of action that might make the textiles and clothing sector more competitive.
They are quite small, there is not a lot of money in them, but they are in danger of fragmentation if things continue like this.
My final point concerns foreign, security and defence policy.
When it comes to Greece and Spain, people say that only tourism can solve the economic crisis, and that means more flights to Athens, to Palma, to Marbella and to other destinations.
Mr Hamon's report on the Savings Tax Directive is excellent and balanced.
Unfortunately, the efforts made so far are clearly not enough.
In this respect, I welcome the recent European Court of Justice decision clarifying certain rules in the Treaty and the Stability and Growth Pact.
2020 is based on 2010. The objective of less poverty is based on today.
Since the autumn of 2008, when the effects of the present crisis on employment started to be evident, the Employment Committee, which was established by the Council in accordance with Article 130 of the Treaty, has undertaken the new task of continuous monitoring of the Member States' employment situation.
Firstly, how do we deal with the issue?
Surely they have to wait until June to make that decision?
   . Mr President, I am extremely grateful for the Minister's comprehensive and very clear explanation on the prospects for the summit with the Russian Federation.
It is vital for the confidence of citizens that Europe can in fact engage with them on their behalf.
We have just been involved in major controversy with the Council about these issues.
If there really is a problem with the building, then, for God's sake, we will just have to move into the Palais de l'Europe across the river.
The communication describes the types of pollution and lists the measures.
You, Mr Berlusconi, have talked about differences of opinion and hence the need for negotiation, but significant efforts at negotiation have already been made in the Convention, and in its Praesidium in particular.
We are set to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights under your presidency.
We are working with national audit institutions to involve them in this process, but there must also be clear evidence for the Court of Auditors.
European governance is not something the citizens of the EU want, nor is it provided for in the Union's Treaties.
But who is protecting European wine?
However, the issues in question are completely different, because our question does not cover the general issue of nuclear power plants.
The European Parliament has come to the conclusion that, 'according to information given by Murat Kurnaz's lawyer and information provided by the German authorities, there was a prospect of the release of Murat Kurnaz from Guantánamo in 2002 but this was not accepted by the German authorities' and that 'Murat Kurnaz's lawyer was told by the German Government that it was impossible to open negotiations with the US Government on his release because Murat Kurnaz was a Turkish citizen' even though 'all investigations had established, by as early as at the end of October 2002, that Murat Kurnaz posed no terrorist threat'.
We have worked in many areas in which, in one way or another, disabled people were the focus of our attention, namely in regard to the anti-mine action in Southern Africa.
The second matter I intended to address concerns the way in which religion is misused.
Finally, a comment on external relations.
As a Member of this House, I am looking forward to a comprehensive assessment of the situation in Cuba, including future scenarios, from your point of view.
Of the 68 amendments tabled, the Commission can unreservedly accept Amendments Nos 2, 3, 9, 10, 16, 17, 19, 31, 41 and 42, 49 and 56.
We will ask Mr Pinior to make the necessary clarifications.
Perhaps this would be a good time for this Parliament to try and influence opinion by hosting an exhibition of the T-shirts to which reference has been made by another Member - clothing produced to the design of soldiers, such as the sniper from the Givati Brigade, whose design incorporates a pregnant Palestinian woman and the slogan: 'One shot, two kills'.
I believe that this directive will enhance the protection of both man and the environment and that in practice it may also assist industry, because it will give it a more consistent framework within which to work.
Restaurant services, which are fundamental to the smooth functioning of local economies, and increased tourism may in this way gain a great deal at the local level from this reduction in the VAT rate.
However, industry is not enamoured of the political compromise reached in the Council in 2003 on the Community patent.
I call on the European Parliament and the Council to acknowledge that the current Belarusian regime is a dictatorship and that President Lukashenko is a dictator, and to condemn them.
We must concern ourselves with this; but we must also concern ourselves with the general objectives, which are not always or not all equally reconcilable.
Perhaps it is time we realised that alongside the ordinary budget, we need an extraordinary budget to make loans financed by a major European loan, which would permit investment.
The UK has kept my DG fully up-to-date on all developments.
I do not know what measures you could take to prevent the death of thousands of children from hunger in Diyarbakir.
In order to achieve an internal market for electricity, we need to establish harmonised rules and regulations, ensure that all the players are using the same rules, promote interconnections and have independent regulators with sufficient powers to guarantee investments.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Klaβ, for her work.
But the financing of a rational transition must take account of the farmers' needs.
Such then is the nature of the public sector in those countries.
I met with the Dalai Lama quite recently, and we came to the conclusion that there is an urgent need for an independent international investigation into what happened in that uprising in Lhasa on and around 10 March 2008, because for as long as there is no such investigation, China will keep accusing the Tibetan Government in exile, and the Dalai Lama, of instigating that uprising and its violent aftermath.
I would like to argue strongly and emphatically that these kinds of feelings and this kind of psychology are taken into account as well.
Ukraine, after all, has not complied with the moratorium and has continued to carry out death sentences.
We support Mr Ford in his proposals.
Firstly, we need to increase the financial assistance earmarked for that policy.
These two elements, the clash between the two value systems, and the position of President Bush and his visit to Europe this week, are not mentioned in the Minutes in this connection.
I shall conclude, Commissioner, by telling you that it is true that the European shipbuilding industry still receives aid.
I should like to start by thanking you, as the President of a country which is still a relatively new Member State of the European Union, for accepting the European Parliament's invitation to address us today, the day on which we are celebrating the 10th anniversary of our common currency, the euro.
We must take all the measures necessary to counter terrorism.
By 2004, the European Union' s population will have grown by 30%, but its GNP will only increase by 4.5%.
However, the measures should be directed not only at the business world and not only, as in the specific case covered here, at the misleading commercial practices of directory companies.
Mr President, I rise to raise what may seem, on the face of it, a rather mundane issue: the implementation of the European Water Framework Directive of 2000 in Ireland.
The Turmes report lacks a recommendation to provide the most vulnerable citizens of our Union, who have the lowest economic means, not with electricity at a reduced price, but with free electricity.
Faced with the need to restore confidence in the markets and to strengthen protection for investors, in 2009, the European Commission proposed a mechanism for monitoring and supervising credit rating agencies.
Others still use more traditional paper methods of communication.
In the majority of the Member States, the formal pensionable age is approximately 65 while the actual pensionable age is very much lower.
Today, none of these things is a viable proposition any longer, and our strategy makes that abundantly clear.
As far as the Kingdom of Morocco is concerned, we want to encourage it to pursue its economic reforms and political liberalization.
Our overall conclusion is that, because of the need for confidence among everyone involved, we will continue with the gradual implementation of the regulation.
Today we are a long way from that, but I am glad that at least in the European Union a clear aim has been set, and that we have agreed to call for a genuine reduction within a reasonable time.
Subject: Causes of the dreadful train crash on Monday, 15 February in Buizingen
Delivering on promises, providing proper redress mechanisms, learning from mistakes, working openly and allowing for public scrutiny - these are the all-important 'means' towards building trust.
We must be clear, however, that such support is just a drop in the ocean, in the truest sense of the expression.
The problem is that, as amended, the proposal from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs does not achieve the sort of flexibility that its advocates, the Commission and the rapporteur, were claiming.
This means that risk assessments are currently being carried out by the Member States which have been designated as rapporteurs in this case, namely the Netherlands, Sweden and Norway, Regulation 793/93 being EEA-relevant.
At a time when the UN will be addressing the question of the future status of Kosovo and developments in Ukraine, Belarus or Moldova, the EU will have an opportunity to contribute to the security of the entire continent of Europe.
(The President cut off the speaker)
The benefits of a combined approach of deterrent pricing and taxation policy, smoking bans, public education campaigns and increased access to nicotine-replacement therapies, for people who wish to stop smoking, has innumerable health benefits and consequent health improvements for the general population.
The procedure established by the two proposals will apply primarily to the negotiation and conclusion of bilateral agreements between a Member State and third countries.
However, in order to achieve this, we must take the necessary steps to remove the existing obstacles.
It should also be done without the despicable rush this morning, which meant that the Education Ministers in the Council only glanced at it.
Everything has become more and more complex.
I was also very pleased to have the NGOs fighting alongside us on this question and that the undertakings and NGOs adopted a joint resolution in support of our efforts.
We need to respect the rules we have.
We tried with the previous presidency and we begin tonight with the Austrian presidency.
Controls are carried out on the basis of documents and not by on-site sampling.
We do not need to put any more mud into the water.
- The parliamentary group I belong to is leaning towards voting against Mr Prodi.
With regard to the second matter - that of 1996 -, Mr Campos at that time accused Mr Da Silva of fraudulent misuse of community subsidies, of favours which had been granted him by a friendly company, of conflicts of interest, and so on.
In fact, it is necessary to genuinely enforce the administration of public matters at multiple levels to solve the problems facing the territory, regardless of the existing administrative barriers.
I also doubt that any of you think that, as things stand, it is not in Milosevic' s interest to pull out all the stops and destabilise Kosovo, as he is doing and as we have seen.
Parliament's resolution on climate change will send out clear signals to our partners.
Second, that the New Flame incident had nothing to do with the bunkering of oil, as the ship was carrying scrap metal.
There was the challenge to traditional gender roles in paragraph 13 and, in paragraph 14, something approaching a hatred of new images on the internet.
If a debate is held of the citizens, the workers and their bodies, then there is no need for us to wonder why any constitution will be undemocratic.
It also confirms that this is the right path to take.
However, let us for God’s sake not allow it to become another weapon in the political campaign conducted by the left and the European liberals against the political parties that lean towards the right and countries where right-wing parties have come into power.
For that reason we reject this resolution.
When you have an earthquake, huge chunks of masonry fall.
This is the express request of my group, but this is above all the dearest wish of supporters of peace on the ground who would like to be able to say as soon as possible, full of hope 'Europe is back'.
The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0076/2001) by Mr Schwaiger, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, containing the European Parliament's recommendations to the Commission on the negotiations conducted within the WTO framework on the Built-In Agenda.
I consider that the report is complete and that its contents create preconditions for the protection of citizens' personal data and fundamental rights in general.
This problem is one of the main reasons for the high unemployment among women.
The shipowners are obliged, furthermore, to employ a significant number of Malagasy seamen, which is rising from 6 to 40, as has also been pointed out.
They feel a little neglected.
This includes educational exchange programmes under the Erasmus Mundus scheme, and supporting entrepreneurial or cultural cooperation, and is something that I very much welcome.
For us, it is also important for both directives to offer the same rights for same sex couples.
Full employment in Europe involves just two approaches: one is the stability pact, the foundation for sustainable and stable growth in Europe, and the other is the policy of reforms aimed at a more open, competitive and productive area.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need political courage and desire to tackle the greatest attraction of illegal immigration: illegal employment.
We need to look at the long-term energy issue from the perspective of economic viability and sustainability.
The key ambition of the Commission's initial proposal therefore remains justified, and I applaud Parliament and, in particular, your rapporteur, Mr Fjellner, on taking this important proposal forward.
Even when we look at the first report from the very hardworking Mr Medina Ortega, the rapporteur, there were three suggested amendments and I would have accepted any one of the three.
As you know, the world is currently experiencing a global economic downturn.
However, when I said this in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs during the working time directive debate and tried to contribute some best practice from a Member State – the UK – I was firmly told by that rapporteur: ‘We don’t want you dumping your ideas on us’.
One of the issues raised by several speakers in this debate was enlargement fatigue and I think this is a very serious challenge.
We in Britain had that opportunity.
I have been told it is only 79% accurate.
I agree with you that we have to ensure that biofuels are produced in a sustainable way.
I find it really reassuring that Parliament firmly supports the fair, balanced implementation of the flexicurity principles.
Local democracy can benefit greatly from the interactive aspect of online local public services.
This time, we are leaving for Cancún with much more realistic, yet still ambitious, objectives.
What is the 1958 Agreement of the United Nations Economic Committee for Europe about?
I will go there and listen but, at the same time, everyone needs to understand that in the polls 80% of the people say that they are pro-Europe; we can nevertheless work with them without threatening them.
   The next item is Question Time (B6-0246/2005), and we will be taking a number of questions to the Commission.
But, unlike her, it seems to me to be quite clearly contrary to the spirit of additionality rules and undermines the very purposes for which structural funding was established in the first place.
You have mentioned some of them: transparency, the feeling that a lot of unsavoury things are being done secretly; threats to EU jobs, which have prompted, I suppose, the dock workers' demonstration we saw today; threats to public services, with particularly acute dangers to developing countries; threats to the ability of Member States to regulate, and particular fears in the culture area, on which others will speak.
They are well known to us.
The more citizens who know about the institution of the Ombudsman, the better Europe will be; it will be a Europe which is not frightened to address and rectify its weaknesses.
This point must be stressed, although the report also stresses the difficulty of finding sources of funding for that most remarkable and certainly important operation to be carried out in Kosovo.
The European Union must now participate in the process.
However, they have also made huge mistakes. It was a huge mistake to create Guantánamo.
These systems can operate and become widespread throughout the European Union.
In fact there can only be a lasting solution if it is African and allembracing, that is, if it can initiate a type of development, a model of political, economic and social development, which must be inter-ethnic.
Madam President, Mr Commissioner, at a lethargic Friday sitting, which was therefore wrongly considered to be closing the entire week, we bring up this subject, to which I would like to draw your attention.
In Germany, this affects the milk fund.
I should very much like to see this.
This recommendation quite rightly respects their right to do so.
The debate is closed.
Why did the western half of Hispaniola – which is a large island – turn out like this?
Two working groups are now fully occupied with the practical preparations.
I therefore consider it premature to step up the debate.
Madam President, firstly let me express my heartfelt sympathy for all the Burmese people who have been bereaved or injured by the effects of Cyclone Nargis.
That is why it is not difficult for us to support this joint position given that it is full of common sense and good reason.
The President said this was unacceptable and invited Mr Bloom to apologise.
To isolate the extremism and establish a dialogue between the parties is certainly possible, and we Europeans have the means to get it accepted.
The Swedish Presidency will, with great resolve, continue the efforts of the previous presidencies to encourage improvement in democracy in Belarus.
Furthermore, the swift introduction of an air traffic network manager, in addition to facilitating the deployment of national systems, may set an example for all modes of transport, but also for the telecommunication and energy sectors.
This report represents a wasted opportunity to support a European policy for development based on social justice and solidarity.
Abkhazia is part of Georgia.
. (PT) The Commission is now launching this debate, belatedly and not in full public view, when it has already given into pressure by the biotechnology multinationals to lift the moratorium on GMOs.
Since the honourable Member has specifically enquired about the timescales, I can say that the construction of the two axes is expected to be completed in 2015.
Governments are therefore urged to point out these defects and adopt measures to counter them.
The latest technology and the most up-to-date knowledge are being applied here, of course.
When action was finally taken to ban the use of such foodstuffs in the domestic market, that same industry had absolutely no scruples of conscience about selling potentially infected foodstuffs to feed the herds in the rest of Europe.
We are still within the 20% margin which we set ourselves and we are keeping to it.
The Ossetian and Abkhaz peoples are our fellow citizens, and here again I am drawn to the timeless words of Sir Oliver Wardrop, who in his book The Kingdom of Georgia wrote in 1888: 'At the very outset it is necessary to remove from the mind of the reader an opinion which is almost universally held in Europe and which is, perhaps, the chief cause of that apathy with which politicians look upon the Caucasus.
Even though this does not threaten the entire pharmaceutical industry, it still undermines people's confidence in pharmacies, not to mention the fact that falsified medicinal products may contain sub-standard active ingredients.
The Commission is of the view that the ongoing dialogue and cooperation at a number of levels and in various fora have proven to be conducive in building confidence and engaging the three countries on sensitive human rights issues.
Mr President, Commissioner, international trade and a new international division of labour are a major resource in terms of economic growth and freedom for the 6 billion plus human beings who are now crowding the planet.
That is in any case more transparent than confrontation between different nations’ highly divergent ways of dealing with this, which may – and I deliberately say ‘may’, although many are probably aware of what I am talking about – be capable of being misused to distort competition or exclude certain practices.
Mr President, there is no doubt that, between them, the Council and Commission statements and Mr Brok's valuable work have painted a full picture of the enlargement process and the progress of the negotiations with the candidate countries.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
The decision by the Council of Ministers on 26 September to remove the compulsory set-aside, suspend duties on imported cereals and take other measures, to which you have referred, Commissioner, will go some way towards easing the problem, but it does not solve it.
If we act single-mindedly, we can actually do this.
Thank you very much, Mr Vanhanen. I would also like to thank you on behalf of the European Parliament for your excellent collaboration and constant presence, and that of your ministers, especially your European Affairs Minister, Mrs Lehtomäki.
Mr President, one of the original motions for a resolution before us was entitled 'On the threats to the freedom of expression and creative art' , which I can only interpret as a really burlesque form of humour, of absurd theatre of the highest degree, especially as it was tabled by the French communist party, a party which has more than won its spurs in the sphere of threats to freedom of expression.
It is a pity he did not have time to hear my reply.
Mr President, Europe, which is in favour of dialogue, empathy and comprehension, cannot understand why we should want to offer dialogue to anyone who offers nothing but death.
   . Mr President, I would like to thank the author of the oral question and Mrs Attwooll for presenting it, particularly as she is missing her group’s Christmas party this evening by being here, which shows her true dedication.
Thank you very much for your attention.
I should emphasise how important it is to review the mechanisms for monitoring emissions and the need to take them into account within the entire budget.
It is clear to all - and the document we are about to adopt illustrates this well - that the situation can only be improved by correcting and modifying the structural errors and dreadful inadequacies of many governments which have continued to channel their money in the wrong direction, despite the fact that experience has shown, in the light of the facts, that it is necessary to change their approach in order to eliminate the root causes of poverty, the root causes of hunger and malnutrition and the lack of information whose consequences are an appalling health crisis and the denial of education and training to tens or hundreds of millions of people.
The fight against the wage discrimination which still exists and which affects female workers, in particular indirect discrimination, requires us to look into establishing a methodology for analysing exactly what jobs entail, which will guarantee the right to equal pay for women and men, give proper recognition to individuals and occupations and, at the same time, establish work as a structural factor, with a view to increasing the productivity, competitiveness and quality of undertakings and improving the lives of workers, both women and men.
But reaching trade agreements with these countries does not mean neglecting or undermining the needs of the ornamental plant sector in the European Union.
No measures are proposed with regard to the protection of land and soil.
It is rare for a politically mixed gathering to be as much in agreement as we were this time.
I agree with the rapporteur's position and I voted in favour.
All deductions from subsidies should be abolished immediately to allow tobacco growing to continue, since 70% of demand is met by imports.
Our appeal must be one of goodwill.
First, as regards the CAP, I think that, on one hand, we need to guarantee a stable income for the whole of the agricultural sector, and on the other hand, we need to promote an agricultural model that is not connected to world markets and that is responsible for planned rural development that is accepted by all.
UK policy does not allow any financial inducements for egg donation.
Firstly, I want to correct the Minutes.
This would legitimize trade in such items as blood plasma and transplant organs which are now prohibited from sale in many Member States and are the subject of a complex donor network organized by the national health departments for the public good.
Thank you, Mr President, for giving me the chance to correct one or two misunderstandings.
The European Commission remains of the view that the discussion and pursuit of social issues should not be used for protectionist purposes and it rejects any unilateral sanctions-based approach.
On behalf of Hungary, I would also like to thank them for identifying with my concern and proposal, as a result of which we achieved that the acceding Romania and Bulgaria are not applying for transitional exemption from the implementation of the Directive, as demonstrated in their attached statement.
I believe that the Commission's attitude leaves much to be desired and if I have understood the messages communicated recently by the Commissioner properly, the Community executive may include the reform as a section of a general proposal for the implementation of a single common organisation of the market for all agricultural products.
   – The Martin and Fava reports confirm that a gang that does not care how it achieves its aims and disrespects the essential values of justice and human rights has infiltrated the Administration of our US ally and has managed to forge the active and passive complicity of our governments and state services in the practice of rape, kidnapping, torture, and other crimes against people suspected of acts of terror, but who have yet to have charges brought against them, let alone face trial.
The entirely inhumane regime of Saddam Hussein, however, has done terrible damage to Iraq's national development capacity.
It was allowed by the President, whereas Mr Martin was cut off.
Subversive policies seeking a transitional reform period in fruit and vegetables, which is something which has not happened in any other product, will I am absolutely certain - from the point of view of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament - not be accepted.
Although the Commission and Parliament agree on the fundamental aspects of the new regulation, there are certain issues where we have not managed to see eye to eye, and I would like to touch briefly on some of these.
The maximum contribution of the European Community to the administrative expenses of this joint undertaking will be 470 million euros. It is possible to provide new funds after 2013 as well, but only for the projects for which a financing agreement is signed by 31 December 2013.
And my second question: when will we get to the point where, on these Thursday afternoon discussions, I will see on the agenda amongst non-EU countries the United States or Israel, for instance, particularly since we are already continuously discussing their human rights situations?
I believe that a key reference for increasing the Member States' receptiveness to the proposal is that account should be taken of local climatic and special conditions.
With Romania’s imminent accession, the lingering conflict over Moldavia about the separation of Transnistria will form a continuing threat to safety and stability at one of the EU’s new external borders.
Both questions are linked, although they are dealt with in two different reports.
However, Brazil still requires a visa in order for citizens from four EU Member States to enter its territory: Estonia, Cyprus, Malta and Latvia.
This site states that the role of adults is to allow children to sample everything, to try every experience.
I therefore warmly welcome the Conciliation Committee' s joint draft from 11 November 2001.
Life has proved that, but, alas, it was too late.
These measures must be concomitant with simplifying administrative procedures and providing documents free of charge.
Yes, that is correct.
However, the Commission is not a government.
Waste should include all types of waste, including animal by-products, and we should be very clear as to our definition of waste ships.
   Mr President, Britain currently enjoys a tax derogation on red diesel that applies to leisure boating.
Dining Room IPE IV
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (PT) We are having this debate because fishermen, including Portuguese fishermen, have mobilised to demand measures, proposed some time ago, in response to the rising price of fuel, both petrol and diesel, and to the socioeconomic crisis in the sector, given the attitude of indifference, particularly of the European Union.
This is a major problem.
The development of different aspects of crime prevention is extremely important at EU level, as is supporting the prevention of, and fight against, instances of national and local crime.
What would Members think if that lawyer decided not to report his suspicions, for example, to the bar association of his country?
This proposal is only a specific part of a whole package of rehabilitation and restructuring measures.
European Security and Defence Policy is how the Union's contribution to conflict prevention and crisis management.
And we can take it for granted that these often involve real acrobatics at the level of subsidiarity.
It is important to avoid segregation and discrimination and the acts of violence which almost always result from this.
Moreover, the von Wogau report, which the European Parliament has just voted on, supports it in so doing.
The Commission nevertheless thinks that it would be inopportune to accept them at the moment and in their current form.
Visa facilitation was introduced back in January 2008, linked to commitments in the areas to be addressed.
These are measures which reduce social and employment rights in order to increase the profitability of European capital.
I should like to point out that the conditions in which old pesticides are stored in many countries are such that the products represent a danger to the environment and to human beings.
With the latest compromise proposals the directive has indeed progressed in the right direction.
It is scandalous that it is reduced that way.
Mr President, before we vote on the resolution as a whole, could you please confirm that the President of Parliament has ruled that the words 'and accompanying explanatory statement' in paragraph 5 may be deleted?
The pressure on personnel in the sector is increasing both socially and financially.
Following the adoption of the European Parliament resolution on the situation in Laos and Vietnam on 26 November 2009 (P7_TA(2009)0104), what concrete measures have been taken to address the persecution and harassment of Buddhist monks and nuns in Vietnam?
This reminds me of firefighting.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is no need for me to comment in detail here on the general problem of tax competition, where there is of course a basic conflict between the democratic principle of equal voting rights and the economic principle of purchasing power.
But each Member State will set it out to satisfy its own particular circumstances.
Finally, I welcome the proposal to create an observatory for cultural diversity within Unesco, that will operate in cooperation with the professional organisations and I would call on the Commission and the members of the international community, particularly the United States, Canada and Mexico, to support this Convention as a binding legislative instrument.
That is the path that my group calls on Europe, as a whole, to take.
It is true that small sacrifices have been made, but the issue now looks fairly clear and acceptable.
That surprises me, because it seems to me that you are indulging in masochism.
There is also the question of our overall policy on human rights and the relationship between human rights and foreign policy.
Another key factor is the EIB' s environmental assessment capacity.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (CS) Mr President, whenever Ukraine is mentioned, the average EU citizen thinks of the boxer Klitschko, easily defeating his opponents.
Let me now comment on the amendments.
Furthermore, the role of NGOs has to be acknowledged as part of a real effort to bring about greater transparency and better publicity.
The countries of Europe - including my own country, Poland - are obliged to protect and promote human rights by complying, inter alia, with the European Convention on Human Rights.
The reasons for the exemption initially granted are already known and I see no point in going over them again.
These alternatives must be based on the principle of non-reciprocity established in the generalised system of preferences (GSP) as well as on the introduction of a clause establishing special, differentiated treatment at the WTO.
Once again, we were aware of the fact that the Council had already reached broad agreement on these specific programmes.
I am particularly grateful to Mr Vatanen for advocating considerably closer cooperation between Member States to control and deal with offences.
It will chiefly summarise the progress of the European Parliament and especially what you have achieved during this time, and also initiatives which I have personally undertaken, where we are, and where we find ourselves in a changed European Union, what the European Parliament looks like and cooperation with other institutions.
Yet the damage you are doing to Europe is perhaps greater than the damage done to Italy: because what you are offering the public is a caricature of Europe, where you delude yourselves that you are handing out popular mandates with the aim not of upholding people's rights, but of turning reality on its head in a Stalinist style that is today paradoxically characteristic of the exponents of a group that calls itself liberal.
We must of course comply with the Court of Justice's ruling, as our Community is based on law, and I am sure that Mr Martinez would not argue with that.
I was talking about it in a Conservative meeting in the village of Harpole at the house of a man called Michael Orton-Jones who raised it with me personally, about the consumer credit directive and the money-laundering directives that are passed in this House.
At the moment we are obviously assessing various aspects in relation to the new cycle of the Lisbon Strategy.
It is an important step forward in the whole GM debate and the report has my full support.
Despite the numerous promises made to the representatives of European governments, they have made this decision without any kind of consultation.
Unfortunately there is as yet no visible sign of success.
   Mr President, I am not intending with my speech to express any sort of disrespect to the autonomy of the Valencian Country.
The same would be true if the new majority were not to be introduced for the running of the capital, Addis Ababa.
I would like to invite those who care about the friendly co-existence of Hungary and Slovakia to support the efforts of both premiers, who met on Saturday in order to coordinate the fight against extremism and to lead both countries in the direction of good neighbourly relations.
Mr President, I would ask you to investigate the situation and to protect the Members of this Parliament, because this is not an example of the transparency which Mr Prodi promised us at the beginning of his mandate.
A conference on climate change is just around the corner now. It is to take place in Bonn.
That is why I had to vote against him.
It is therefore genuinely difficult to see the European Union's budget ultimately being used - at a time when we realise the difficulty involved in the budgetary procedure, the difficulty involved in financing the recovery plan - to end up in this paradoxical situation in which we help to increase US shareholders' rate of return on investment but put Irish workers, within the European Union, in Polish workers' shoes.
Likewise, I refuse to endorse the use of private enterprises in preference to civil servants.
These are the next steps we must take, but it would be disastrous if we now tried to run before we could walk.
We must say that we are the main net importer and the second largest consumer of oil in the world.
Hasty reactions by Parliament do not do justice to the seriousness of these issues.
The definition of environmental damage is central to the structure of the directive, as are the definitions of biodiversity and biodiversity damage.
Mr President, I do not have the Rules of Procedure to hand and am unable to cite any article, but I had no intention of addressing the heart of the matter.
Of course, the mention of the word 'nuclear' calls to mind Chernobyl, and hence the absolute need for safety.
That is the nub of the crisis - irresponsible indebtedness that has been carried on for many years. That is what we must now stop.
Yet more is expected from a candidate for the future head of the Commission: he is expected to say how he intends to achieve this, rather than just presenting a list of challenges.
What I did not refer to when I spoke previously was Parliament' s role in this legislative process.
First of all, the affirmation that there is room for a Europe of growth, but a Europe of sustainable growth, that particularly respects the commitments of the European Union at the conferences in Kyoto and Buenos Aires.
This is the route to a new way forward!
This is why we propose moving from a five-pillar system, which is what we have at present, to a three-pillar system.
As I have just told you though, if any government - because Greece is not the only country concerned by this: we have seen disasters or earthquakes of varying magnitude happen in other countries too, but they had a less serious effect - anyway, if any government asks us, we are able to support and finance, by means of the Structural Funds, preventive studies which would allow us to determine the risks to inhabited areas, as you mentioned in your question, but also to factories, with the secondary risks of industrial disaster that that would entail.
We now have 15 states.
However, any country whose energy supply is based on 90% coal will find it more difficult to get down to 0%.
By ensuring transparency, dual pricing can reassure consumers during a period of uncertainty.
I note, for example, that the human rights clause contained in the Cotonou Agreement is not solely concerned with the domestic human rights policies pursued by third countries but extends also to respect for human rights in the context of their international policies.
However, the Roma minority in Romania has failed to appoint its own leader to represent this group in public or in the Romanian Parliament.
Citizens first lodge well-justified complaints in their own country.
This would not be a decision on the substance, even though it is purely a legal matter, but on the form.
I thank the Commissioner for listening throughout this debate and I would like to congratulate Mr Lyon on the work he has carried out in connection with the report he is presenting this morning.
For instance, the price of rubber fell by 32.9 %, that of wool by 31.8 %, that of maize by 9.3 %, and that of cotton by 14.6 %.
I have said since the time that I took up this position that it was my intention to make decisions on a science basis, examining the best scientific evidence available to me and making my decision on that basis.
This is the objective that we have.
The same thing has happened on the other side.
Do you have any plans to carry out an investigation into the European Power Exchange on the basis of competition law in order to prevent this concentration?
This is a lesson for the future.
That means, therefore, that two proposals should be put to the vote.
The first refers to the validity, today, of the 'provisional VAT system' , a system which was implemented in 1993 on the completion of the single market, of a strictly provisional nature, even with an expiry date, that has been spun out and which has not been respected, as you are all well aware.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, it seems such a calm conclusion to such a tempestuous debate.
Some of the most serious social challenges faced by Europe, such as the ageing population, require radical innovation that cuts across several sectors.
These are communities gravely affected by this crisis, but even worse is the situation in the north of Scotland.
The budget also needs to be fair: fair in spending, but fair in contributions too.
. Mr President, I welcome this joint debate, which covers three important legislative dossiers on which we are close to agreement following constructive interinstitutional dialogue.
The next item is the debate on the six motions for resolutions on Ethiopia.
40 million new jobs need to be created in the coming decade just to keep employment levels where they are now.
Finally, if the detailed conditions for the activities of service providers are described in an annex to the text, they must be defined as a whole by a binding legal instrument.
The Commission hopes to submit detailed proposals both to Parliament and to the Council on how this can be transformed into a self-imposed memorandum of agreement, a code of practice with which manufacturers of equipment and motor vehicles, and those who assemble them, will have to comply.
You shall have your 24-hour period.
I also agree that our mission to the Middle East is a success, particularly because it is repairing the damage suffered by the previous mission but, I repeat, we will have to explain to our voters what we are going to do, how we are going to do it and when we are going to do it, as long as it is soon.
The examples show that economic relations are developing despite the embargo, so it clearly has no influence whatsoever on economic relations, but it needs to serve as a pointer as regards political relations.
Transferring a key economic policy mechanism from Member States to the control of the ECB has helped capitalists to reduce the cost of labour and multiply profits.
Finally I would like to say that I am in complete agreement with the views that Mr Borrell expressed so clearly.
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament has therefore decided to vote in favour of this 2007 budget, having received assurances concerning their priorities in relation to the Lisbon and Gothenburg strategies.
I do not take issue with the individual points, but I do think that the report is simply inconsistent.
The process announced in 1994 is still not finished but there has been obvious progress. It would be very short-sighted to deny that.
Chancellor Angela Merkel deserves praise for her significant contribution to our common success.
As the Commission said in its declaration of 9 May: for millions, true freedom was only to come with the fall of the Berlin Wall, not the end of the Second World War.
The European Union produced a European strategy for Africa in 2005.
We are familiar with these issues because we have faced them ourselves in the recent past.
At the time no one thought it had much chance of success.
These proposals represent an absolute minimum, and the Intergovernmental Conference must not now be allowed to water them down.
It is precisely Ankara' s unaltered, hard military line as regards the Kurdish question, notwithstanding the PKK' s request for dialogue and the fact that they gave up the armed struggle, that underlines how important it is for us to assess Turkey' s compliance with the accession criteria.
Cooperation is being strengthened across a range of sectors.
However, I fear, Mr Hernández Mollar, that like the social partners in Luxembourg, the Council will adopt the minimalist approach and the peoples of Europe will ultimately blame us for this, since we in the front line may well have aroused more expectations than the Council is prepared to fulfil.
I do not know which airports and airlines will be affected, but I do know that smaller, regional airports, connections to remote areas, and Baltic ferry traffic, especially with Finland, will be particularly affected.
We Europeans came to realise that our values, and not just our lives, were threatened, and we therefore reacted together without forgetting that the fight for democracy was and would remain at the heart of our European political project.
The fact that this is an explosive subject is something of which we have become aware in the course of the committee’s reading.
Some of them say that institutional reform is a condition of further enlargement.
Yet nobody, neither the candidate countries, nor, in particular, the Fifteen, is prepared to accept the consequences, especially the financial consequences, of enlargement.
Mr President, I rise to request that you write to the Indian authorities again about the case of Ian Stillman, the British deaf charity worker who was imprisoned in India, convicted of drug smuggling.
Countries like Iran and North Korea are in the process of acquiring, or have the capability to acquire, a nuclear weapon.
Let me say, however, that, in general, I broadly share the concerns you expressed.
I hope that preparations by the Member States, which have already started so that we can commission this new system in 2003, will be of help both to the European Union as a whole and to each individual country.
On the cost side, however, there is undoubtedly a cynical abuse of our good will in order to lend credibility to undemocratic rule.
My thanks in particular to Mr Diamandouros because, thanks to this report, he gave us an opportunity to understand in the European Parliament our power to address issues which we consider to be paramount to European cohesion.
It has the support of America's neoconservative Georgia Lobby, which is headed by Randy Scheunemann, presidential candidate John McCain's adviser on foreign policy.
I think that this debate about the expansion of this second circle is of fundamental importance if we wish to conduct the debate about the boundaries of the Union in a positive manner.
That is all.
I see that Mr Karas is next on the list to speak; well, Othmar, here comes an easy ball for you.
Many forms of violence against women need to be combated: people trafficking, physical and psychological abuse, practices such as clitoral circumcision or the feminisation of poverty, and many others. All of them require urgent action and resources.
This problem has brought many of our small and medium-sized enterprises to their knees, because they are suffering from unfair competition that stops them from being competitive in the markets.
The Member States should be allowed to act on their own responsibility by imposing deterrent charges.
This is an important step forward.
The compromise reached with the European Parliament is a positive step, but it should not make us lose sight of the objective of having a directive providing a legal framework and identical guarantees in all countries, for all citizens.
Mr President, Commissioner, have you enough vaccine for this special strain, should the worst case scenario in fact occur?
13.
   Mr President, in recent days, 22 people drowned off a Sicilian island, Lampedusa.
On the initiatives taken by social security agencies for closer cross-border cooperation in order to facilitate access to health-care benefits, I am very much in favour of such initiatives and can confirm that it is the intention of the Commission to encourage such initiatives and to promote exchanges of experience and best practices.
I have already conveyed, on behalf of Parliament, our condolences to the families of the victims and to the French authorities.
In my view, it goes without saying that they must be complied with within the European Union and in the states that are set to accede to it.
I argued throughout that Europe did not need a constitution but a simplifying treaty.
Madam President, Secretary of the Council and High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, Commissioner, firstly I would like to welcome the appearance of Mr Solana, in his three-fold capacity as Secretary-General of the Council, High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy and Secretary-General of the WEU, currently in pectore.
As regards the codecision procedure in the Amsterdam Treaty, we should firstly look at the possibility of concluding the legislative procedure at first reading in a positive light.
I am particularly pleased that the draft resolution calls on the Council to notify Parliament, should it intend to depart from the Commission proposal.
It is here that we can see real progress being made by Europe collectively.
I almost entirely agree with the considerations, but I would like to expand on the rapporteur' s reference to the lack of utilisation of the agreement by pelagic trawlers.
The 2012 appropriations must enable the accomplishment of EU goals and priorities in relation to the 2020 Strategy.
I believe the Council should be present, because we parliamentarians have addressed remarks to the Council on several occasions, and it ought to know what we are saying.
On the basis of the recommendations made by this Committee, the European Union asked the UN Security Council to refer the situation in Darfur to the International Criminal Court, which the Council did by adopting Resolution 1593 in 2005.
Like Mr Bertens, I also wish to appeal to the ASEAN countries to block full membership for Burma.
Mr President, in January 1995 I said that one area of work requiring particular effort was internal management.
(The sitting closed at 23.35)
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, I would like to thank you for allowing me to speak because I have a very full schedule, which forces me to leave you in order to catch a train, and I would like to apologise to the House for that.
But there is nothing to stop our governments from reappointing Jacques Santer and those Commissioners who have done nothing wrong.
What we adopted today was for the purpose of protecting the citizens from criminals and must not be used for any other motive.
To a great many Europeans, the lack of any reference to Judaeo-Christian traditions in the preamble to the Constitution will present a major obstacle when they are called on to vote for its ratification.
Knowing that the United States was earnestly considering invoking exemption for reasons of security, which incidentally is the right of every member of the WTO, we nonetheless thought that we should use this period to see if this armed peace could be turned into a lasting unarmed peace.
Having read the report, I realise that the success of the institution and its officers is due to the fact that: firstly, most - the figure is already 70% - of investigations are completed within one year and over half - in fact 55% - are completed within three months.
Of course there is wastage, but people are also being recruited to the public sector in various forms.
My group rejects the compromise proposal outright, and so I, together with Mrs Buitenweg of the Group of the Greens, have already submitted a minority report to the Committee and moved that the Commission proposal be rejected tomorrow.
So, will the Commission undertake to make that information available to all Members of the European Parliament?
It is worth noting that the country is undoubtedly a focus of Iranian and also Pakistani interests, as well as of American interests.
In particular, it involves bringing European values to third countries, not just in terms of democratisation and greater respect for fundamental rights, but also of promoting active policies to protect the environment, and the rights of women and children, and of labour standards that respect personal dignity and enable personal development.
The question therefore is: what are the farmers doing about this?
I believe that the European Union and Member States must focus particular attention on lifelong learning programmes.
I understand that.
Turkey will also be receiving an enhanced package to help it prepare its candidacy, a candidacy which, I stress, will be judged on its own merits and according to the same criteria as all the other candidate countries.
Firstly, does the directive constitute a proportionate measure?
'Perhaps the European Parliament was thinking of the work I did in the areas of AIDS and the environment, because what I did in terms of human rights was very far from sufficient and I will need to redouble my efforts.'
This attack on the freedom of trade unions in Mexico, conducted directly by the government, is even more shocking because we are talking here of the Mexican Federal Government not punishing crimes committed, for example, by their own military, or ineffectiveness in fighting drug trafficking.
We all understand that the issue of control is a great deal simpler with the single net rule, but this matter also poses serious problems for certain fisheries, as you are indeed aware.
Also for the Wednesday sitting, there is a proposed change to the agenda.
The consultants' report on which the Commission's decision was based was secret.
If there are legitimate concerns or if issues which have not yet been identified arise in the next few years, they can always be taken into account in the review of the application of the directives.
We might also say that the two documents, the Commission proposal and the Council action plan, contain a great deal of common ground.
Firstly, it is possible to circumvent the Waste Shipments Regulation by claiming that the articles being exported are second-hand goods rather than waste.
Because its members have been chased away by political and economic forces, its youth has been recruited forcibly into the Serb-Bosnian-Croatian-Kosovo conflict and their homes occupied by several hundred thousand Serbs.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, let me once again show my appreciation for the role of the European Parliament, including the draft resolution tabled on Iceland.
On this basis, and following the statements just made by the Council and the Commission, as well as those made by Mr Giscard d'Estaing to the Committee on Constitutional Affairs yesterday, we can perceive the outlines of a federalist strategy, which I would regard as repugnant, and which can be described in the following terms.
Unfortunately, there are various different viewpoints in the Commission as well as in the European Parliament, and an extreme viewpoint, which was initially also expressed here in the Parliament - I do not know if it is still upheld now - is that everything must be labelled, whether or not it is sensible or appropriate to do so.
The Council and the Commission were in favour, but unfortunately Parliament decided to reject urgency, denying us the chance of a recorded vote.
The European Union, in particular, has been one of the largest supporters of Afghanistan.
We can see in this report key elements of the energy policy which we want to implement across the European Union, such as national emergency action plans, the energy security clause, the diversification of supply sources and keeping nuclear power in the energy mix.
Examination of the implementation of the provisions relating to the inspections will, therefore, be a priority for the Commission in its future reports on the application of this directive.
Secondly, the sustainability impact assessment, as promised by the Commission, is to be developed in the short term.
In particular, we propose an examination of national pricing and reimbursement systems.
Today we are in the initial stage of the treaty coming into effect, and the EU will need to have adequate funding at its disposal from the outset in order to implement the new policies.
In addition, there are groups who seek political gain from scarcity and short-sightedness by setting people against each other.
European transport companies, whether they operate trains, road vehicles, aircraft or ships, are the most modern in the world.
Europe must continue to express its solidarity and determination concerning Russian compliance with international laws and standards.
The House accepts the rapporteur's position.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome to the House a delegation from the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic led by its chairman, Mr Daniel Kroupa who is also the co-chairman of the European UnionCzech Republic Joint Parliamentary Committee.
The same applies to minors and the issue of the so-called delocalization which we tackled in two very important points: the requirement that a broadcaster must, at any rate, broadcast through the country in which it is established and the possibility of triggering the rapid procedure, provided for by the Commission itself, not only as regards compliance with Articles 22 and 22a but other articles also.
Many sectors of the business world recognise that the undertaking to protect the climate also offers businesses the opportunity to earn money and create jobs.
It is our task as politicians to establish goals and set the general frameworks.
However, what we are getting is a process of salami slicing, where each new proposal removes a little more protection against invasions of privacy.
I know that credit unions are not strong in all European countries, but they are strong in many, with reserves in excess of EUR 40 billion.
I believe that we should create an intelligent form of agriculture which is geared towards those strategies; that would be much safer from a scientific point of view.
The EU needs competition, not just between companies on the market in order to create better products, but between countries in order to come up with sound political solutions to the problems of the day.
Whereas we are denied import quotas, China’s state owned factories benefit from export subsidies, state aid and even free electricity, as well as the benefits of its artificially undervalued currency.
The best option we have is to forego the nuclear option and look at alternatives, as other people have mentioned.
The main issue that should be raised is the fact that 14 Member States of the Union have not implemented the screening programme to identify cancerous diseases.
Returning to the logic enshrined in the pact, the pact does allow anticyclical actions.
But you have to ask, of course, whether anyone is likely to do this if they cannot be sure of ending up with a viable company?
In the Council resolution of 24 May 1988 on the European dimension of education, the objectives include the need to improve young people's knowledge of historical, cultural, economic, and social aspects of the Community and of its Member States and to make them understand the interest in cooperation of the European Community with other countries of Europe and the world.
For the first time for a long while social Europe is making positive headlines again with the directive on the posting of workers.
Is it perhaps because the rate of refugees is increasing or perhaps because we have a deluge on the European borders?
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, following on from the Amsterdam summit, which recorded a few timid steps forward towards giving the European Union that social dimension which it so grievously lacks, I hope this House will show that in such areas we will not accept paralysis or prevarication.
We must ensure the free mobility of researchers, improve framework conditions applicable to innovative enterprises, and the European Council must also address the matter of ranking state aid.
We all know that the current ceiling for administrative expenditure does not allow sufficient resources to cover preparations for enlargement.
We have taken numerous steps and repeatedly issued public statements denouncing the ongoing violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms in Iran, as well as the country's persistent failure to uphold international standards on the administration of justice.
Recent studies have shown that there is a very large difference between workers' wages and the pensions they will receive, a 'pension gap' which, by default, will place them among the nouveaux pauvres.
Mr President, I wish to thank Professor Friedmann and his colleagues for the annual report and the DAS.
Madam President, this is an old issue in which the Greens have played a pioneering role.
The jobs and projects helped by this fund build bridges between the old enemies of Ireland.
The first is about emissions trading.
Allow me, first of all, to say a word or two about prevention.
The results are plain to see: instead of the promised convergence, what we have is a visible divergence, exacerbated by the effects of the economic and social crisis, and by the functioning and development of instruments like the Single Market, to the benefit of some and to the clear detriment of others.
But we want this to mean access to the media, total freedom of expression for the opposition, unrestricted individual rights, freedoms and guarantees, the rule of law and total transparency in the institutions.
Neither can it be verified theoretically.
I would like to finish as I started, by insisting that European public financing of this sector must not be reduced.
Today, concerns on the Free Trade Agreement with Korea have hugely diminished. Indeed, we might say that they have all but vanished.
Madam President, Article 109j of the Treaty defines the procedure by which a decision will be made on the countries to participate in monetary union.
Could I have an answer on this from the President-in-Office of the Council?
Some other traditional supporters of human rights have lately become less active and have not applied for membership in the UN Human Rights Council.
These points must not, however, overshadow that which binds us together or that which is profound and resistant to strain: the shared community of values and the work on the world issues that are important to us.
Lastly I would like to associate myself with the homage paid by my colleague Mr Silguy, on behalf of the Commission, to President Lamfalussy.
Finally, all in all, Kosovo and the status process of Kosovo show how much we need the better steering and coordination mechanisms that the reform Treaty should finally provide.
This does not however mean in practice that these statements of principle are applied unreservedly.
Unfortunately, the Commission’s proposal does not take account of the fact that in the field of insurance there is a further directive that requires insurers set sufficiently prudent premiums, taking into account all future commitments.
In great European cities, there are already parking facilities that provide tourists with bicycles, free of charge, during the entire period of stay of the vehicles.
Aung San Suu Kyi has asked for sanctions but we have done absolutely nothing about this.
   – Ladies and gentlemen, we are seeking to make history by dismantling the established practices of Member States as regards the armaments trade.
Successful companies, those capable of creating wealth, are those that normally enjoy good relations with their partners, customers, suppliers and with the community in which they operate.
The President of the Commission's belated acceptance of the serious nature and extent of financial mismanagement in his services is welcome.
There is one point on which I want to be very clear: the crisis that we are experiencing cannot be used as a pretext to cut social expenditure.
The most prevalent and blatant cases of discrimination are covered up with the mantle of love.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, being more environmentally-friendly, safer and more cost-effective, rail transport ought to be used more by both European business and private users.
The new committee will establish greater transparency, implement Community policies more coherently, reduce bureaucracy and minimise costs.
Within that organization we have, like other countries, made certain commitments which must be respected.
Long live the king!
Our group would like to see the inland waterways sector flourishing.
Now, however, I would like to quote Mr Barroso, who this morning wisely stated: 'Even institutions do not last; we need enormous political will.'
I think that it may be difficult for us to talk about borrowing funds without us being clear about our own resources, including those derived from cooperation with financial institutions like the European Investment Bank or about the reuse of unused funds from the European budget instead of them being returned to Member States.
For us in Europe, it is a great achievement that people are able to move about freely, and that consumers can decide freely how they want to travel, which air carriers to book flights with and which not.
(PL) Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Jouyet, I am a member of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly and during the last session held in Kigali, Rwanda, I listened to President Paul Kagame, who spoke of the need to stabilise the situation in Central Africa.
I have to say, and I hope you will agree with me, that military action alone cannot solve the conflicts of today. Civilian action is not possible without a secure environment.
This is so unsatisfactory that the President of Parliament has taken the initiative of calling for the procedure to be streamlined and simplified.
We have the highest ambitions, so far.
In short, the continued success of the single market - its potential to improve the living standards and social conditions of all Europe's citizens - requires us to show leadership and courage not just in setting a vision of the future, but in making the very real, and often difficult, policy choices facing us today.
People switch off.
A complete new supervisory framework must be set up at EU level, and we are pleased to see that some progress has been achieved.
- Before the vote:
It is important for Parliament to monitor developments within this high-priority area.
The former foreign minister, the former deputy interior minister and the former deputy justice minister were all defeated.
After all, I believe that these Treaties present us with an opportunity to sketch out certain structures and thus to realise the Lisbon agenda.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, tobacco is the mainstay of the economy of large rural areas of southern Europe.
Such flexibility also presupposes good monitoring.
Poverty is one of the most serious problems currently facing the European Union.
I ask the European Parliament to request that the Romanian Government complies with the Universal Declaration of Animal Rights issued in Paris in 1978.
ECU 15 million have been proposed for the first year, with total expenditure of ECU 60 million over the next few years, whereas the loss of profits due to preferential tariffs is valued at ECU 50 million per year by the producers' organization.
I did listen to the debate.
But 15 000 expressions of interest is quite something!
In addition, great emphasis has been placed on small and medium-sized enterprises, precisely because of the particular industrial structure of our economy, which is predominantly characterised by an industrial fabric made up of productive areas that are unable to develop independent research projects.
With such a development, you can be sure that the Greek Cypriot Christians, who account for 82% of the population of Cyprus, and the Turkish Cypriot Muslims, who account for 18%, will be a perhaps unique example of peaceful coexistence, cooperation and progress and Cyprus will become a real bridge of peace and cooperation between the European Union and the Arab nations and Israel, with which Cyprus has always maintained excellent relations.
They must be assured of positive exchanges of experience, dissemination of results and transfer of technology by improving existing laws, and especially by using liaison and innovation centres intensively, and rationalising data bank systems.
Some wished the aptitude test for joining the bar of a host country to be retained and the permanent practice of the profession under the home-country professional title to be authorized.
We would now ask the Council whether this is a euphemistic way of covering up difficulties in the relations between the governments and the Central Bank or, as we would hope, confirmation of the resolve to protect the role and independence of that institution.
We hope that the investigation will be thorough and objective.
Nevertheless, I also think that it was a very wise observation of Mr Verheugen’s that even the concerns that exist are shared by us, and these are also being included, have been included, in the proposals the Commission has presented, which also mention the possible results.
Despite the European Parliament's efforts, when consulted on this text, to give it greater force, the framework decision lacks ambition and will not be enough to tackle the problems we face: combating racism and ensuring that our universal values are shared.
It is only the final assessment based on existing rules which is affected by this regulation.
A Commission official said something telling to us when we questioned her on this in committee.
To those who accept a strong political Europe, but are not as enthusiastic about economic integration, I say that they will only get that strong political Europe if they support the single market and economic integration.
China has helped Europe to understand that there is enormous potential in Africa and that there are success stories in Africa.
Given that, the President believes that the decision made by the chairman of the committee to proceed with the vote was in line with the Rules of Procedure and past practice.
We liberals have been fighting for enlargement since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Let me give one example. Yesterday, Ecofin reached an agreement on reducing VAT in labour-intensive services sectors, such as restaurants, etc.
Mr President, the Theato report on the Commission's Green Paper on the protection of Community financial interests and on the creation of a European Public Prosecutor has had a lot of preparation and a long debate.
The human rights policy is also too selective.
This report, while with merit, does require further clarification on certain aspects and therefore I have chosen to abstain on this vote at this time.
These negotiations must lead to the signing of an Association Agreement, marking a significant step in the implementation of European values in this European state in the EU's immediate vicinity.
(ES) Mr President, as you know, I try to be serious when I speak and, since the Rules of Procedure state that all documents handled officially in this House must be available in all of the official languages, I would draw your attention to the fact that I am going to vote for amendments that only appear in three: English, French and German; these are three highly respectable languages, as are all the others.
Setting up a further EU body to issue opinions and recommendations and to do work on raising awareness in the human rights area – an area in which the European Council, the OSCE and various UN bodies are already doing excellent work – would be pointless, moreover, and involve an unnecessary duplication of effort.
Nevertheless, this term is used time and time again to make people believe that many immigrants return to their countries of origin further down the line.
Capacities and aptitudes are the criteria according to which job applicants must be selected; whether they are men or women is less relevant in this context.
With regard to the issue of data protection under the third pillar, we are working on this matter, but I would like to ask Parliament not to suspend implementation of this proposal for a framework decision until there is a specific instrument to protect data under the third pillar.
It takes a certain kind of mentality - which I shall not call socialist - to believe that things can be easily distributed and that one can be very generous on behalf of the community as a whole.
Citizens need to be informed and prepared.
The centre left and centre right political forces in the European Parliament voted in favour of the legislative 'package' on telecommunications and the internet on the basis of the criteria of competition and security, in other words, to secure the profits of the monopolies and restrict workers' freedoms and rights.
On certain issues, there is of course great creativity when it comes to using the Rules of Procedure.
The guarantee of profitable producer prices must, therefore, be the guiding premise of the common agricultural policy, in order to ensure farmers a decent standard of living on a par with other sectors of activity.
The market is distorted by so-called social dumping.
It is a question of confirming that this institution, unique in its kind, represents both the people of the European Union and of the ACP countries.
I am glad that you are numbered among them, as also is the Presidency of the Council.
I detected a great deal of anxiety in Mr Verheugen's speech; I only hope it will prove to be unfounded.
If the EU adopts strict measures on the use of antibiotics with agricultural animals, we can also expect changes to legislation in third countries, particularly because of the financial losses that would be caused by a restriction on meat exports to Europe.
Anyone with a question will not be turned away but will be directed to the right place.
Ships that do not observe European and international rules on fishing should be banned and greater information on all ships that request access to ports should be guaranteed.
This directive, as amended, generalises and thus confirms the European copyright model without preventing works from being disseminated.
This is why the bridge connecting one group of people opposed to any ban to the group of people holding a different view passes through you.
The list of speakers has been exhausted.
And unfortunately, ladies and gentlemen, I have not heard anybody talk about them this afternoon.
From that point of view, mine is a safe vote.
(The oral amendment was adopted.)
The Commission is made up of these families: the PPE, the socialists, the social democrats, the liberals, and other independents.
The Commission, together with the Council, simply did not enact any implementing rule and thus sacrificed an EU law which now simply does not exist.
(Applause)
Tajikistan, however, is on something of a better path, and this agreement will allow the European Union to have some influence on the situation there.
I myself advised against the amendment, because we are not out to score any additional points in this discharge, but if the Commission could confirm this, we could then all vote against the amendment with a clear conscience.
It is good to see care being taken, by our Committee on Agriculture amongst others, to ensure that our policy is constant and reliable, because the world market has again reached a low point and the fall in value of the pound sterling has hit the British per hectare premiums hard.
As you know, the European Union made a commitment last June to contribute an additional EUR 1.3 billion to this project, which is crucial for our security.
It is from this angle that the postponement clause must, in my opinion, be considered.
There are, I believe, around 5 000 Kosovar political prisoners held in Serbia at the moment.
For example, what is the fat content of the food with which the material comes into contact?
This report must not be the end of this work.
Yet we know that some refugees who are not, strictly speaking, persecuted by their government, are, in fact, in real danger and in genuine need of our help.
The world is not standing still while Europe sets its house in order and elects its leaders.
We wish to stress that, when dealing with issues associated with energy and the environment, the Commission's focus is an overall one that takes into account all the issues associated with energy sources and their use.
Many chemical firms already regard training, refresher courses and fire drills as important, but there are still far too many others which do not, and these are the ones that need to be put under a legal obligation.
It is not for nothing that the Treaty of Lisbon makes explicit reference, for the first time in European Union history, to the rights of people belonging to those minorities and to their own values.
If the Council decided to do so, the Commission would be given the exclusive right to assess the cooperation agreement between European and foreign airlines.
However, we are unable to agree to the text of the report, although I welcome the work carried out by Mr Schmidt, for several reasons.
I do not want to pursue this now.
I listened carefully to Mr Barón Crespo, who mentioned - and I should like to finish with this remark - national anthems.
Good quality school education and the application of our concept of life-long learning are a way of mastering many of the challenges facing us, for the profile of tomorrow's workers is as follows: the ability to develop leadership abilities and to act independently, while at the same time showing a team spirit and social skills.
These countries may well, I think, be entitled to seek the best way to invest their reserves in foreign currency, so I take a positive view on the contribution of these funds.
I also wish to stress that we can give third countries a helping hand, as the speaker before me said.
It is therefore all the more regrettable that the Senate voted against ratification.
To work, a single currency must be accompanied by two things: the European Central Bank policy must be credible; monetary policy must be disciplined, and therefore the euro strong and not weak.
I should also like to stress the fact that the fiscal package put together under the Luxembourg Presidency must be implemented in its entirety.
That being said, the chaotic and violent situation that reigns in Nigeria, especially in the delta region, must open our eyes to a number of issues - obvious and outstanding issues.
You, Mr Frattini, said that we need to do more in our area of work.
The autumn/winter crops were lost and the spring/summer crops, such as tomatoes, maize, rice, fruit and vegetables are at risk; this is also the case with animal feed, and to the normal growth of autumn crops such as citrus and grapes.
Mr President, first of all I would like to congratulate my colleague, Mrs Billingham.
It also acknowledged, to a certain extent, that the method of preparing for this Conference was completely inadequate.
We have dealt with and have taken decisions that will affect the specific reality and the daily life of the Union's citizens.
We are, moreover, convinced that this issue will be one of the priorities of the bilateral relations between the European Union and Turkey in the near future.
The Council will establish its position.
It is also clear that the agency’s creation must not be allowed to upset the existing institutional balance.
To cut resources for these regions is to play a dangerous game with popular feeling.
The work that Parliament and its appointed mediator, Mrs Banotti, do in this area needs the serious encouragement of all Members, and I hope that the response we heard from the President-in-Office and that of the Commission point us in the right direction and that the powers-that-be will take this issue seriously for the benefit of our children.
A careful review of the division of labour is required, and this will require courage and a willingness to roll up our sleeves and set to work, in other words vision but also pragmatism.
All the affected parties must play their part in creating a positive atmosphere in which a reliable solution can be found.
This time, where codecision applies quite clearly under Article 152 of the Amsterdam Treaty, it has used this procedure to bowl us out a second time.
I and the Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy say we do not, and we must act quickly, otherwise the production will move away from Europe.
Our assistants' French teachers declared that they no longer wished to teach Nazis and school exchange programmes were cancelled.
The aim of the proposal, which fits into the broader context of interinstitutional negotiations on the use of delegated acts for the financing of the Union's external action, is in fact to protect Parliament's prerogatives as laid down in the Treaty of Lisbon, while also ensuring effective control over the implementation of EU legislation.
Social groups, political parties, parliaments, MEPs and international conferences have proposed and have insisted that we legislate against the huge issue of racism and the conduct of organised society.
We are waiting to hear from the judges in Luxembourg whether we can retain our hospitals and a long list of other core services that together constitute our welfare state.
May I say that it is precisely this willingness to preserve the single market in that sector that led the Commission some time ago to intervene in a similar way in the case of two other Member States, interventions from which UK beer producers among others, benefited.
Will the Commission therefore commit itself to subordinate further extension of the system to the completion of the reforms that Commissioner Monti referred to?
(Laughter)
Right, we said in the committee second reading, let there be no more animal experiments in the field of cosmetics.
Well it is now lunch time, Madam President, and what better way to conclude the morning' s work than by saying "Buon appetito!"
I consider this to be a worldwide violation of human rights.
Small- and mediumsized businesses don't really get a look in.
Secondly, as a personal statement, I would like say to Mr Nassauer and Mr Coelho that no part of my report promotes illegal immigration or allows a work permit in the European Union to be granted to people who enter illegally.
It is also extremely well-timed because the EIB can be an additional tool for the European Union to work with Chile in the medium- to long-term reconstruction efforts that are already getting under way.
Therefore we need to discuss the added value of addressing integration policy in European-wide terms.
   Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Belgian system of port services is functioning to everyone’s satisfaction.
It is our duty to do so and we should give priority to this task.
The economic crisis has clearly shown the need for greater democratic legitimacy of competition policies and, in this context, I assume that the incident with the document on vertical restraints was just a mistake.
It is a question of the entire institutional package, which in turn is connected with the Constitutional Treaty, which includes the composition of the Commission.
That is a weighty responsibility for the European Union.
Europe has tremendous linguistic and cultural diversity and this must be capitalised on through the audiovisual sector.
It is important for us that it should be in this area that we anchor the basic questions of protection for fundamental rights, of the principle of the rule of law and of human rights.
I would like to express my admiration for the energy and determination of Commissioner Figeľ in his implementation of this project.
Such things have to be sorted out.
In conclusion, I should like to emphasise that high quality, honesty, transparency and flexibility must be essential features of the soundly based market in digital services open to competition that we wish to create.
It is now time for our institutions, in the face of a disaster of this type, to be a match for our civil society and for the circumstances.
European communication policy (debate)
On that basis, and as part of this plan of action, the Commission has made EUR 30 million available for emergency support for the peace process by reallocating funds from earlier European Development Funds to support short-term work on the peace process.
This is a technical definition, but it clearly states what it means.
The reason for this is that, on the one hand, the European Court of Auditors was once again unable to issue a positive statement for the Commission in 2009; on the other, the report makes it sufficiently clear that this is mainly due to the inadequate cooperation of the Member States as recipients of funding.
In recent weeks we met with the producers, their organisations and the processing industries.
Mr President, I am speaking in support of certain amendments but also to remedy some serious lapses of memory on the matter of the rights of peoples and ethnic groups.
It has received a great deal of attention, not just in Sweden but also in many other EU countries.
Madam President, I am rather sorry that Mr Chichester chose to end his contribution with a plea for building more nuclear power stations.
Data from the last few weeks do not engender optimism.
If implemented properly, a different distribution of working time could help to create or to preserve a large number of jobs.
In Europe much has already been done to fight cyber crime.
However, I believe that efforts to ensure adequate funds for its capabilities and efficient and effective operation in line with what was intended, along with the effective monitoring of its costs, are broadly justified.
In paragraph 9, I consider that your own formulation is excellent, and I believe that it hits the nail on the head.
When I paid a visit there - and especially when I addressed the Knesset - I made it quite clear that the European Parliament was and is calling on those in positions of political power in Israel to express their firm support for President Abbas.
The involvement of the national parliaments in the decisions taken by the Council of Ministers must be visible, subject to control and sanctioned by the national parliaments.
With court rulings, shipowners, ship's operators, managers, agents, insurers, charterers, cargo owners and others who constitute the chain of the material and technical shipping infrastructure, responsible for crimes at sea and environmental disasters, exploit national and international law to escape punishment while, with great strictness and contrary to international legislation, seafarers are used as scapegoats and hostages in order to allay the concerns of the workers and oppose the fights of the mass grass-roots movement for environmental protection.
Ladies and gentlemen, this report is called: "Modernizing and Improving Social Protection' and it is our sincere belief that within the modernization of social protection there is room for a new approach to our pension system.
You will see that there are very specific proposals on the issues of mobility in the programme.
But in any case I wish to congratulate him even though I disagree, on a particular issue, with the position taken by Mr Collins. But I think that he has taken a fair stance in favour of increasing water quality models and because overall his report take the right approach.
The Green Group has maintained that accession negotiations should be held with all three Baltic states simultaneously, in order to promote harmonious political and economic development in the area and to avoid endangering the fragile cooperation process.
Nevertheless, I hope that the application of this directive will contribute to reducing healthcare inequalities.
The common rules are also implemented differently in the various Member States.
There is, therefore, no need to give up eating food which we are sure about in favour of untested, uncertain experiments.
At the same time, I wish to welcome the measures which have been taken so far aimed at signing an EU-Canada trade agreement and I hope that this year's meeting will give the necessary impetus to finalise it.
Better standard of transparency and rationality governing price increases as well as better access and information regarding consumer rights.
These are all excellent initiatives.
The latest reports suggest that 22 people were killed and more than 850 injured, including police and KFOR members.
Accordingly, it is no longer possible to envisage either stopping or cutting back activities without upsetting the whole balance of the sector.
That is why we have put this amendment down.
What should be done?
The fact that that is not possible in the long term has been demonstrated very painfully here again.
We must offer opportunities to students and to those people who cannot remain in Belarus.
The sector of innovation in communications technology, in multimedia, takes much of its attention, thus highlighting the importance of training.
   The debate is closed.
Only this can explain the so-called charge of obstinacy.
I put it to all of you that we have a duty to deal with this and put an end to this suffering and this toll of death.
I should also like to thank shadow rapporteurs Mr Gaubert, Mrs Bozkurt, Mrs in 't Veld and Mrs Kaufmann.
Do not allow yourselves inadvertently to be used by those who might want to kill the legislation as a whole and those who might want to use the issue of barometers to promote their Eurosceptic views.
This is part of our determined effort to try to help reduce the gap between the Member States, since that is indeed the spirit of convergence.
As you can see, the European Union is pursuing a common foreign policy, but this is not a single policy.
I therefore voted for this report, as I did for the other three, to reiterate my commitment to this fundamental policy, whilst at the same time calling for certain changes that have become necessary for dealing with new challenges.
Madam President, President-in-Office, Commissioner, the spiralling level of violence in the Middle East blinds us to the fact that it was not so very long ago that, instead of the current feelings of despair, there was optimism and hope that a permanent peace could be achieved.
Because, while in the case of competition and state aids the Commission is alerted of any breach of the rules and is able to act before the damage has been done - I am to some extent simplifying matters here, but the subject is familiar to you - when it comes to the single market all that it is able to do is to prosecute such violations, by opening infringement proceedings and, finally, referring the matter to the Court of Justice - but all of that takes time.
Moreover, commercial interexchange is important for Europe, and it is also important to be able to provide and guarantee vocational training and adequate financial instruments, and also support and advice in respect of the currencies of these countries, for, apart from anything else, the free-trade area will then have to become a euro zone.
I therefore welcome the statement made by the Minister that the Council will try and ensure that this process is harmonised across all Member States, because to date some Member States have not made every effort to contact the defendants.
It is therefore of utmost importance that the EU member delegations should stand up for the establishment of criteria for becoming a member of the Human Rights Council.
Madam President, we are now discussing animal diseases, but Commissioner, humans too still face tragic diseases.
It is necessary to manage the great burden from the past presented by closed and abandoned disposal facilities.
We are asking the Member States to rapidly demolish the obstacles that they have so far set up in the way of such local employment initiatives.
And the European Investment Bank must lend a lot more than it does at present to microcredit institutions.
The money that we donate - and, as I said, we are already the world's largest donor - needs to be targeted more precisely so that we know that the money actually reaches those who need it and that it is not dissipated and does not disappear.
The Commission must also look at the SIMAP and Jaeger judgments.
It is worth specifying at this point that ‘a solid footing’ means something very simple in this context: giving the Barcelona Process the instruments, structures and mechanisms that will bring the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership into contact with public opinion, giving it the ability to have a positive impact on everyday life and to support and respect the various different viewpoints.
On the one hand, there are the public television corporations, which have been receiving a great deal of money for their output, which has enabled them, of course, to produce good educational programmes.
Commissioner, children are not eating more, but they are less active and get less exercise.
As today is our second-last working day, I would like to ask our President, Mr Gil-Robles, together with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy, to see whether it would also be possible to send a small European Parliament delegation to meet Dr Rugova in Rome, where he is at present, because I do not know what will happen within the next month, month and a half or two months.
The development of European exchanges (Erasmus, Leonardo da Vinci) will also be beneficial for young people, since these programmes offer real added value on a professional and personal level.
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of the joint resolution on the results of the Copenhagen conference as I broadly agree with the content of the proposed measures, and two in particular.
Nevertheless, one does sometimes hear strange arguments against summer time, such as that children in the North cannot sleep and that they go to bed late, that is to say only once it gets dark.
The report by our colleague Gerhard Schmid is of great importance both for the communications industry and for Internet users.
in writing. - While supporting and voting for the Joint Motion for a Resolution on Natural Disasters, British Conservatives have misgivings about the creation of a "European force" (paragraph 9) since we believe that both prevention and rapid reaction capabilities should be concentrated on the resources of the Member States.
I hope that after the elections in Great Britain and France, we shall be able to fight this fight intelligently and responsibly.
I believe that this has been achieved with the recommendation for a second reading, agreed with the Greek Presidency, with the full cooperation of the Commission. We will vote on this recommendation tomorrow.
Mr President, I have the justifiable suspicion that with regard to this Iraq crisis, Prime Minister Aznar has made secret commitments of a military nature to the Bush administration.
As Mr Prodi knows, this new article added to the Treaty by the Maastricht Treaty gave Parliament the right to request the Commission to submit legislative proposals.
A halt must be called to the process of enlargement until such time as we have consolidated the last additions, and I would also point out that most people in Europe would feel themselves affronted if the accession negotiations with Turkey were to start on 3 October.
This is largely because Russia bankrolls the illegal regime in Tiraspol and continues to garrison troops in Transnistria.
Then you have some kind of 'polluter pays' principle and you also have a preventive action in the stability mechanism, contributing to the stability of the euro as such.
Mr President, the estimate of the European Parliament's next year's expenditure has been drawn up most professionally. My thanks to Mr Tomlinson.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, a proposal from the Commission is on the table today, aimed at establishing common rules for the control of animal products from third countries.
The European Union is also helping to improve the functioning of working relationships and is strongly supportive of corporate social responsibility.
It made the work considerably easier.
If the Commission succeeds in ensuring that the elimination of the BSE crisis takes place subject to the condition that the policy of non-cooperation is abandoned, so that step by step, by taking all veterinary and medical knowledge into consideration, and by taking corresponding control measures at European level, the confidence of consumers can be won back, so that they feel that their health is not in danger, then we are in a position to solve this BSE crisis.
However, I think that the most important thing should be to inform Members what to expect!
Where is the justification for European regulations on soil protection?
The junta's statement that Aung San Suu Kyi was arrested for the sake of her own safety is an insult to the intelligence of any thinking person, and I entirely agree with Mrs McKenna that we must immediately demand to know where she is, and obtain access to her.
However, investment in knowledge alone is not enough.
The debate on this issue, as it appears in Tunisia, is crucial and relevant.
This includes the categories of data that are covered by them.
The minister, Mrs Györi, who was able to speak here last night, has asked me to read it out, as she has lost her voice.
In Hamburg, where I come from, there are 12 000 people working for Airbus.
It is a positive move to ensure that as many economic sectors as possible are included in the mechanisms - ETS or others - to combat climate change.
We must protect minors and those who are vulnerable.
To this effect the Commission has presented the European Parliament with a proposal for a Council Decision on the "statistical data to be used for the determination of the key for subscription of the capital of the European Central Bank' , which we can approve unreservedly.
We want a change of course, we want a Commission which pays more attention to social policy than was previously the case.
Every other group has one vote, but the PPE-DE Group seems to have two votes on this.
You were also there a year ago.
Here, we are giving them twice the rights, and that is what Europe is about.
In order to make more funding available for disaster aid, such EU projects as the Galileo satellite guidance system, which is also capable of being – and is intended to be – used for military purposes, should be stopped.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs took the necessary steps to comply with this wish.
In addition, it is commonly held by customs authorities and traders alike that current customs procedure and processes are unnecessarily complicated.
The first of these is that if Europe is to be able to compete successfully on the global market, it must be competitive in terms of quality.
The European Union has been built on the basis that members show solidarity to each other.
Madam President, at this time the European Union's main aim should be to boost employment.
We have to build a new economic model based on knowledge and high employment.
There was a very strong financial outcome, there was very clear ownership of Haiti's Government and there were many stakeholders.
The European Federation of Pension Funds recently submitted a report to the Commission with a recommendation which would yield an astronomical amount of reserves towards the year 2020.
It takes issues which, when taken individually, are positive, such as the rejection of abortion as a method of family planning, the need to reduce the recourse to abortion and the viewing of sex education in a global and positive way, based on mutual respect and on responsibility. The report, however, confuses these issues with others that either correspond exactly to the opposite doctrine or which lead, as has been proved, to the opposite result.
in writing. (SV) The June List believes that cross-border animal diseases are an important area for cooperation within the EU, but it is not for the EU routinely to finance the fight against animal diseases.
We have heard it said here in the Chamber today: a woman cannot choose what to do with her body.
(FR) The only reason we voted for this proposal for a regulation was because if we had voted against it that might have suggested agreement with those who are opposed even to this minimum aid to poor countries.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is true that in a time of climate change the risk of natural disasters is growing year on year.
Mr President, never has there been more need for a stronger Europe to address the issues of citizens' security and freedom, to implement that area of freedom, security and justice that the Treaty of Amsterdam promised us and the Tampere European Council planned to create.
I therefore request that my vote on the legislative resolution be amended (to a vote against).
It proposes information campaigns in the countries of origin which warn women of the dangers of falling into the hands of the mafia-type organizations responsible for trafficking.
In the spring of this year, Egypt adopted new legislation criminalising human trafficking and also protecting its victims.
For, pursuant to Article 48 of the Treaty, the conclusion belongs to the Heads of State and Government.
I confirm that to you now.
The present Council Regulation must therefore be amended. There we agree with the Commission but we believe that the current Commission proposal is too modest and is, in a number of respects, therefore inadequate.
The question can certainly be asked as to why your fellow Heads of Government so seldom do this in public, why they only do things behind closed doors and leave you to it.
To take one example, one Member State may take over the costs of psychiatric treatment of victims of sexual violence, whilst in others, the costs of all medical treatment needed as a result of other offences are covered.
That was Mr Fayot's question, and the answer is categorical: of course the Commission is subject to Parliament's control, as we made very clear in relation to the mad cow affair.
The honourable Member's report will make a significant contribution to that .
In totalitarian states, people are guilty until proved innocent.
For as long as it was a success, the people regarded Europe as their project, but that period of history is coming to its end and people are asking more and more what the point of Europe is.
Member States should develop national plans for the digital switchover of public services.
We have been visited today by the Hungarian Prime Minister, who has taken over the Council Presidency, and I would now ask the Hungarian Presidency to continue the good work that was started while Belgium held the Presidency.
We need a thorough analysis and not the sort of superficial conclusions that the Commissioner for Climate Action has drawn in recent days - which are deduced from the crisis situation and the fact that less CO2 is emitted now - to the effect that we can now aim for 30% or 40%.
Where, then, if not in this House?
Since the costs to be incurred by European farmers in ensuring the appropriate animal welfare standards have been assessed at approximately EUR 10 billion, we must demand that animal products originating from outside the European Union meet similar standards.
Following the raid, the Belgian police did not actually bring any specific charges.
However, it is also important that we agree on a common policy and therefore on a formulation when meeting with the Russian president.
The key question is how we should go about simplifying the procedures so that European money is used within a reasonable period of time.
If these key points are adopted in plenary session, I will be unable to vote for this report.
There is one point that I voted against in the roll-call votes, in relation to the US missile defence system.
We would prefer the Commission to come before Parliament and, in conjunction with the Council, set out how the decisions were going to be taken.
We should look at the UPMC system in the United States; it is a useful example for us.
She has done an excellent job and I hope that this report will be a basis for resolving a number of anomalies that still exist.
A clear condemnation of the cruel aggression of Israel against the Palestinian people, which nothing can justify!
However, in the report it expressed the view that something had to be done to create a legal basis to cover tourism in view of the sector's status as the largest European industry and its very considerable jobgenerating potential.
That is why I cannot accept amendments seeking to raise the beef premiums either.
I am therefore in favour of emission limit values being as stringent as possible, but these kinds of artificial limits cannot be imposed.
And once more we find ourselves caught between a rock and a hard place. When the European Commission proposes a recommendation, you in Parliament want a directive, and when the Commission proposes a directive, we should be making recommendations, because the principle of subsidiarity must be respected.
It emphasizes the need for a more complete approach in the fight against poverty that includes a range of EU policies.
I would like to set out the Commission's position in this regard.
While we, the Spanish and German foreign ministers and delegations, prepared important EU decisions about the Europe of the 21st century, the Europe of integration, the conference also had to seek solutions to the Europe of the past, the Europe of nationalism and war.
This year, the Council has cut payments by 10% across the board, something made all the more incomprehensible by the delay in implementing programmes in many areas.
This plan was drawn up for a Ukraine from a different age, before the ‘Orange Revolution’ took place, offering hope and a model for peaceful political transformation.
Obviously we hope that the Democratic Party will take an active part in these talks.
If the Commission simply wishes to cut production aid crucial for the most disadvantaged regions of the European Union, it would be better if it said so clearly.
It is the obligation of the Commission to ensure that these sites are protected.
(PT) Mr President, the fundamental point that we are discussing here is the liberalisation of the natural gas market by putting pressure on the Member States to speed up the process of privatising what is still public.
Thank you very much.
I sincerely believe that this is unacceptable and that it needs to be reconsidered or qualified.
The two most important points are, firstly, that the EU budget is not equal to the EU's needs and ambitions and, secondly, that this budget does not reflect the EU's political priorities as specifically mapped out by its other agencies.
They decided that the resulting loss of sovereignty and freedom of action and the negative economic effects would far outweigh any supposed benefits.
This is vital, based on respect for the creation and the Creator of life.
It should be noted that the protocol establishes a special regime between the EU and Andorra to help ensure that trade runs smoothly between the two parties while maintaining a high level of security.
We have to create conditions that will enable women to become more widely involved in the scientific world and that will open the doors of university laboratories to them.
That is quite logical, as I also sit on the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy. It is often the case with environmental problems that if it takes a long time for a response to be received, the decisions taken in a particular country prompting the petition have had an irreversible impact on the natural environment by then.
I hope this will help to ease tension, and I appeal to all involved to keep political disputes within the bounds of the normal democratic process and to return from the streets to the negotiating table.
But these choices must be channelled in a certain direction, and I must regrettably say that so far despite the wonderful utterances on Rio or Agenda 21 or all these Green Papers, that is not being done.
The latest data submitted by Germany for the year 2009 confirm that 70 out of about 80 air quality zones continue to show an excess for PM limit values.
Over the coming months and years let us exercise our immense responsibility during the bridging period up to their accession into the Union in a dignified way.
This shows, first, the terrible ability of the North Korean leadership to keep their country isolated from any external interference - and in today's globalised world that is not easy - and, secondly, the degree of capitulation and humiliation to which the population has been reduced.
There is also the protection of the internationally recognised transit corridor in the Gulf of Aden.
The number of staff has been increased and will be increased in accordance with the provisions in the annual budget.
This purpose was served by the recent reform of the Constitution, which was welcomed with such gusto by the European Union and the United States.
The incorporation of these kinds of clauses into future trade agreements to be negotiated is therefore paramount.
For the same reason, the Commission also cannot accept Amendments Nos 32 and 33.
The second way is that Member States must maintain, and improve where necessary, the pace of structural reform.
The AVMS Directive foresees that media service providers would adopt voluntarily a code of conduct regarding commercial communication on food and beverages.
We should restrict this to consultation with the Commission, on the initiative of the Member States, if a problem arises so that it can resolve it and act as arbitrator, as it always does.
Lastly, I agree with what has already been said on Parliament's role in this process.
Thus it is now clear that the proposal should not imply the mandatory EU-wide introduction of toll systems.
It is therefore clear that suppliers cannot impose restrictions on the distributors' use of the Internet - they cannot stop a distributor from having a web site, using whichever languages they prefer on that site, or sending e-mails to individual customers unless those prohibitions are objectively justified.
We all hope that the discussions in Washington next week will be successful.
President of the Czech Republic. - (CS) I would like first of all to thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak in the European Parliament, which is one of the key institutions of the European Union.
At the conference an action plan was adopted.
This also demonstrates that, with perseverance, creativity and dialogue, we can emerge from situations that are seemingly at a standstill, even on social matters, even in Europe, even in order to adopt directives.
We feel - although this is just a proposal - that it might be useful for Parliament and the Council to establish similar bodies, which would help us to sustain ongoing, constructive dialogue.
In terms of the Sofia link with the EU network, a major step was taken with the signing of the contract for the construction of the road and rail bridge over the Danube at Vidin-Calafat, financed by the ISPA Fund.
This heralds the start of a new era in navigation.
Europe is there for everyone, and we should, above all, keep it this way.
I have, incidentally, highlighted these themes in my draft amendments to Mr Siekierski's report on the future of the common agricultural policy.
   .
They have shown explicitly and on several occasions that they want peace and prosperity for their people.
My group believes that the European Commission is a political body.
But no, that would have required too much foresight!
It is quite staggering that a country should wish to join a club of states, an assembly of states, a federation of states – whatever it is, we do not know – without recognising one of its members.
Through this proposal the Community can establish significant new standards for the health of our citizens.
Thirdly, it does not resolve the issue of Yugoslavia' s critical examination of its own history.
It will introduce fair and transparent procurement rules applicable throughout the Union.
in writing. - (FR) I am delighted by the adoption of this report, which highlights the role played by marketing and advertising in the emergence and perpetuation of gender stereotypes and proposes a number of avenues for combating these.
The provision stating that in the event that international transport poses a threat to the viability of the provision of similar services a Member State may suspend or cancel the transport operator's licence is, in my view, unacceptable in the operation of the single market.
Are the French quicker, or the Germans or the Spaniards?
Now the country of the former oppressors are to enjoy visa waiver - and I welcome this, because there is no collective guilt - and Kosovo cannot aspire to it.
In March 2003 the European Council identified a set of priorities for implementing the sustainable development strategy and the Johannesburg outcomes.
Those Members who wish to keep up to date and see what is happening with this and also how your debate affects the final result should, of course, ensure that they obtain the documents that we publish.
Who are we then to claim the opposite?
If data are being used or processed improperly, it must be investigated, reported and fought robustly.
We also trust that, with the same pragmatism, the British Presidency will be able to strive to bring to completion the operational rules of the internal market, by which I mean that deregulation and simplification of the legislation will be amongst the priority objectives to be pursued.
I fully endorse Commissioner Dimas's statement that the financial crisis has shown how foolhardy it is not to take obvious warning signs seriously.
It was therefore an important achievement of the trialogue of 26 June to agree on a letter of amendment in the autumn to take account of the latest information.
We must now call on our national leaders to show the courage and the vision which the moment demands.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Madam President, thank you for allowing me to speak at this point; I must apologise for having to leave shortly to return to Paris.
It must be pointed out to the honourable Member that Mr Mas Canosa was also received by the former Prime Minister, Mr Gonzalez, and by the former Foreign Affairs Minister, Mr Solana, who is now Secretary General of NATO.
in writing. - (EL) This lengthy report, full of literary rhetoric, attempts to conceal the responsibility of the EU and its Member States for their barbaric policy, which results in the inhuman conditions experienced by children and parents of ordinary families.
We know, in the meantime, after virtually half a century of unilateral preference under the Lomé Convention and the Cotonou Agreement, that this preferential access to our market is not in itself enough to meet the needs of our partners.
If we want to do what is expected of us as the European Union, in the first instance, we must agree on a common approach to the Sahel region in particular and to the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) in general.
The volume of aid provided by ECHO now stands at ECU 3.8 million in one year.
It was very strange to experience.
Indeed, international trade and humanitarian aid are not two diametrically opposed activities.
The Parliament transferred funds designated to the Commission to reserve, due to deficiencies in the approval system for operational programmes, because exceeding of deadlines means money lost by the European citizen.
It goes without saying that the European Union can contribute towards it.
My main objective in drafting this statement was to warn against carrying matters to excess, and the unforeseeable consequences thereof, but without wishing to compromise the principle of family unity.
So let us consider a scenario where someone in my constituency - London, the greatest city in the world, capital of the greatest country in the world - commits an act which is not considered a criminal act under English law (a body of law that has been arrived at through common law tradition and through reason) but which, because we have decided to impose this EU law from above, setting reason aside, over the heads of the citizens of my constituency, is now considered a criminal act under EU law.
Mr President, Commissioner Monti, we all realise that we are facing a crisis in terms of our press and communications policy for the Union's institutions.
Lastly, I would like to make some general points about the legislative proposals.
I would like the Court to explain precisely how many years it has carried out a full and specific audit of the treasury function, and would also like confirmation as to how frequently, such as once annually, it might undertake such a task in the future.
When you present your college of Commissioners and the division of responsibilities, we will tell you whether we are for or against, but today, you have our full support.
I was given a lot of documents by the Commission.
It will now be a troika meeting.
The rapporteur has done a fantastic job.
That is why we must offer young Turks a chance to get to know our western European culture and the way we treat fundamental rights and human rights for themselves.
Its motto has been 'Out with all-or-nothing postures and in with a gradual deepening of relations'.
So, if you're trying to tell us now that the limit values were only slightly exceeded, I have to ask you whether you think we are absolutely stupid.
Already various relevant plans are at the signature stage and are expected to last three years from January 2006.
All I would ask - and the group chairmen in attendance will support me in this - is that the group chairmen are also given the opportunity tomorrow to make a brief statement of their position.
A call is also made for taking an impressive number of specific measures which aim to fight this scourge globally.
It is our common interest and responsibility to make funding more effective.
On Sunday, a trick was played in the course of a telephone conversation.
Mr Aylward raised the issue of the common agricultural policy.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of the missing persons in Cyprus has been an open wound for over 30 years.
Our position on this point is, therefore, constructive.
Firstly, the Commission regularly submits to systematic examination all the legislative proposals it has presented, yet which have not been adopted by the legislator within a given period of time, the object of this exercise being to decide whether the proposals can be withdrawn, or whether decision-making can be made easier by other means.
The Commission should take a cautious approach in its proposals on milk production, because 70% of the red meat produced in the EU comes from dairy cows.
What is more, the EU’s fishing fleet is partly responsible for depleting fish stocks, something pointed out by both Swedish authorities and environmental organisations.
Written statements (Rule 142)
If we become dependent on imported equipment, we risk not only compromising our security, but also undermining our ability to fulfil our international obligations under global security arrangements such as NATO, a point underlined last year by Admiral Norman Ray, the Assistant Secretary-General of NATO.
To this end, the obligatory principle of solidarity on the part of Member States laid down in Article 3 of the Regulation is extremely important.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I really appreciate your contributions.
We consider namely that in the future, money, especially the excess money under heading 1, should be switched to the more proactive rural development policy.
Only those who know of the dispute that has taken place in the last five years within Parliament over the issue of the organisation of the market in wine are in a position to appreciate how much progress has been made.
Democracy requires proximity.
In this internal market, we wish to protect our citizens and, at the same time, set standards for testing and treating food at those links in the chain where the food concerned first comes into contact with the consumer and first enters the distribution chain.
In Germany too, we brought the warring factions together, and they reached agreement.
I want to make it clear that as far as Canada is concerned if there were any attempt to use that derogation, we would activate the dispute settlement mechanism of the agreement in the confident belief that it would not permit such a derogation to be used.
Later, if you wish, tomorrow or the day after, I can explain to you why I feel that the line taken by the Committee on Women's Rights was inappropriate.
But if you try, sometimes you may find that you get what you need!
We might support an improvement in quality, but not for measures included in the 2nd pillar.
Perhaps you would respond to that?
This own-initiative report, in which the competent drafting committee incorporated numerous proposals by the Committee on Culture and Education, aims to galvanise the EU and the Member States into achieving the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy, especially in the employment and training sector.
As you can see, it is only very rarely that the Chamber is as crowded as it is at present.
So you have simply to decide when you ask for a document what you really want.
For the last vote of this parliamentary term we are being asked to give our verdict on the asylum package.
Without a foreign and defence policy the Union will remain weakened: its negotiating power in international relations does not correspond to the size and importance of our economy.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this evening's very interesting debate has helped us to understand some very important points, particularly concerning the European Crime Prevention Network.
Nevertheless, however, I agree that it is necessary to diversify the sources of payments and I can assure you that the Commission is addressing this issue.
The debate is closed.
It pains me that due to lack of time I am unable to go into this in any more detail.
Investment must focus on rural areas, providing better water supplies and sanitation, improving transport links and the quality of grid power output.
I am in favour of including candidate countries in these programmes at the earliest possible opportunity, simply because the reform of the police and judiciary in these countries leaves a great deal to be desired.
Furthermore, there will need to be opportunities for cross-border cooperation, which is also supported by the new Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument.
The Fed formula devised by the US Federal Reserve, according to one of its former economists, shows that typically, when house prices have been driven up for several years by low interest rates, when interest rates increase, prices begin to decline roughly 18 months to 2 years later.
    Mr President, I should like to begin by thanking the general rapporteur for his report.
We need to analyse the reasons for this, and in particular to find out whether the fact that the Member States themselves also have to provide funding has anything to do with it.
Similarly, I do not think that giving the European Parliament's president the right to decide whether or not to permit a written statement will increase democracy.
Both are approaching the goal.
Where, however, border control on the east is concerned, you are taking a very long-term view, for example where hotlines are concerned and also when it comes to gaining an insight into the problem and the criminal networks feeding it.
At the same time, however, I take my role here in the European Parliament seriously.
Before our very eyes, eight independent states emerged from Yugoslavia.
Through technology we have created a global market: money can now move within seconds from one part of the world to the other. But, as all of us know, markets are not based on rules alone, they are based on a shared ethic.
The calculation behind doubling is made in real terms on a yearly basis and with the same assumptions in mind as with the other aspects of the debate on the new financial perspective.
The country is rife with chaos and governmental self-indulgence.
A need for incentives to actively seek employment cannot be overlooked.
Now I am not being allowed an opportunity to explain why I voted against it, but my electorate will see that I voted against transparency.
Mr President, Commissioner, I am not going to reiterate what has already been said.
It is becoming necessary, for demographic reasons of which we are all aware, to consider a strategy that increases cohesion and coherence on pensions.
I would like to say a few words about the amendments which are included in Mr Schwaiger's report.
When we debate the funding of stem cell research, why can we not simply state the fact that in many Member States, this research is not permitted, and that, consequently, we should not use Community funding in those countries?
In conclusion, if we want to be more effective in fighting poverty, we cannot avoid or ignore the matter of population control. It is true that it is linked to economic and cultural growth, but we are not without suitable tools and appropriate experience in the field of prevention and contraception.
Cooperatives are particularly important when we are talking so much - or indeed today so little - about corporate social responsibility, when we are looking at companies which have a great deal to teach, at major corporations that already operate across borders, in terms of their responsibility towards staff.
Other targets adopted were restoring and regulating fish stocks at sustainable levels by 2015, ensuring absolutely minimal risk and harmful effects on health and the environment from the production of chemicals by 2020 and substantially reducing the loss of biodiversity by 2010.
That is exactly what the European Union must do everything possible to prevent, by all necessary, useful and appropriate means.
The political and economic stability that Montenegro has continually shown right from the time it became independent is immense.
On the other hand, this European production must reflect the cultural diversity which exists and, in the future, make it possible to create jobs in the audiovisual production industry.
This is the other meaning of diversity.
To remove the reference, as in Amendment No 2 of the report, to the concern about the dominant position which the former monopolies maintain within liberalisation processes, seems unacceptable to us; to remove the Commission' s phrase that lays done that services must be provided at an accessible price, does not seem acceptable.
In the meantime, we have obtained what I voted for, contained in the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee in the Roth-Behrendt report.
I believe an effort should also be made to reduce the time needed to examine complaints – as was also mentioned in the Mavrommatis report – by improving information exchange and cooperation among the institutions wherever possible.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am delighted to be able to inform you that a delegation from Australia's House of Representatives and Senate has taken its place in the public gallery.
The communication states that the Commission will make full use of its powers to ensure that the Member States apply EU law, in full respect of fundamental rights, and that you will not hesitate to initiate infringement procedures.
Whilst contributing economic resources in the form of development aid to poor countries, the European Union is preventing these countries from achieving growth through its bizarre agricultural and trade policies.
Certainly, we can and should try to influence change and this report is certainly doing that, but we cannot allow citizens to get caught as the meat in the sandwich.
I would therefore like to take the opportunity to urge the Commission and Commissioner Verheugen to follow up how, and how successfully, this is actually carried out so that we know whether the consumers of Europe understand what the labelling means from now on.
It will deal with such important issues as the role of regional integration in the promotion of peace and security, the problematic issue of energy in the ACP countries and the social and environmental aspects of fisheries in developing countries.
These four: sulphur dioxide, oxides of nitrogen and particulates and lead were laid down in a framework directive as the first air pollutants to be tackled.
Although most of the waste included on the 'green' list is not hazardous, there are some types of waste on this list which have been found to have hazardous properties.
When have we ever taken practical and specific action as a consequence of coming across situations of intolerable exploitation?
Nevertheless, we shall support the compromise, and I hope that this European chemicals legislation will become a guideline for chemicals legislation worldwide.
Training for older people has to be tailored to their needs.
Clarification is also required on the legal side.
At the last Development Day, which was devoted to conclusions, the Deputy Minister of Cuba also gave an address from the platform.
I also see a clear connection with the directive on chemical agents for which Freddy Blak is the rapporteur.
They have important trade and investment connections and they enjoy very strong cultural links.
This is a radical step to take, but it is our response to what Mr Dankert so rightly said.
All in all, however, we find that the Slovakian government does not meet all the political criteria of Copenhagen and great efforts on the part of the Government and in particular of the Prime Minister are still needed to achieve more democratic practice and constitutionality in order to be given a place in the group of candidates to be taken seriously.
This violence condemns all Palestinians to death, but it also condemns Israeli democracy.
Kenya is running tremendous risks.
The impetus given to the European idea by this programme is having an enormous impact, especially on small linguistic areas such as the Netherlands which not only has national potential, but is also relying on support from the programme, mainly from a language point of view.
The proposed legal framework needs to clarify certain crucial issues.
Mr President, these past 16 months I have spoken 77 times in this Chamber and I have ended every speech with a call for the Lisbon Treaty to be put to the people: Pactio Olisipio censenda est.
We shall support you in a constructively critical manner on this question of the future development of the Technical Assistance Offices.
It must tackle the work now.
On the other hand, we have referred to the need to have clear legislation with definite rules that can at last protect our producers and our consumers, as happens in the rest of the world.
I am certain that the dialogue which ensues will be constructive.
I would therefore like to make one point very clear: what I regard as being dishonest about this debate and about many of the speeches we have heard - including speeches made by Mr Putin, who used Chechnya as the bloodiest election platform in history in order to come to power - is the word 'normalisation'.
Sadly, nothing has happened, which is something that I regret, because it is a waste of time to have mature debates and eloquent speeches on 8 March if we do not submit legislative proposals that will genuinely advance the policy and the equal treatment of men and women.
The status of the Jews bears witness to that.
Cuts in unemployment will permit significant savings in public expenditure.
I take pride in the fact that our friends Javier Solana and Aleksander Kwaśniewski are playing key roles in negotiating between the parties – the involvement of the European Union’s High Representative for Foreign Relations and the President of Poland is a good sign, for President Kwaśniewski, as you so rightly said, represents a country that has successfully been through this process, and Javier Solana was once a minister in a country – and a member of a party – both of which had freed themselves from a dictatorship.
I hope the Commission will choose better legislation, will always bear in mind the need to properly respect the principle of subsidiarity and will, as a matter of priority, adopt a central policy role in tackling the economic crisis.
Medium-term financial planning is a procedure established in the treaty, for which a regulation must be enacted.
If it had not worked we would not have Mr Frattini here with us today to take part in this debate, and it is with pleasure that I welcome him.
Our forefathers met on this ground as soldiers on opposing sides.
It is a new initiative, which is still in its infancy, and we cannot say Desertec is part of our security of supply strategy.
Firstly, there must be a harmonisation of the resale right.
In bringing this speech to a close, let me ask what our weaknesses are.
We spoke with human rights activists, lawyers and religious minorities.
The need to fight on several fronts by means of prevention, medical supervision, research and the dissemination of precautionary and hygiene measures encourages us to act in a coordinated and determined manner.
The Commission actually wanted to fund the difference by making further transfers from other areas, but we now agree to your proposal, especially in the light of the time factor, which is very important.
All in all, due to political imbalance and careless use of language, recital K is completely inappropriate.
The Council considers those conclusions to be an important step towards a positive statement of assurance and will continue to support the Commission’s efforts to contribute actively to improving the financial management of the European Union at all levels, but the decision lies ultimately in the hands of the Court of Auditors.
Large numbers of consumer representatives have approached us and said what, in their eyes, the public expects and needs.
The aim is to improve the quality of justice in Italy, in Europe and in all the Member States.
Firstly, with regard to how long the programme should last, the committee suggested there should be no time limit.
In view of its history during the present century, Europe has a special responsibility to adopt an active security policy.
That is often where the knowledge is.
Naturally, we cannot just drop one element and add another.
Anybody who cannot understand that reform must begin in our own house, if we are to be capable of enlargement is completely and utterly our of touch with the real world!
3.
I was going to begin by saying what a great encouragement and example you have been to the centre-right parties in Europe.
As well as the 15 EU Member States and the Commission, the 11 applicant countries - the 10 Central and Eastern European countries and Cyprus - and the Swiss Foreign Minister, Mr Cotti, participated as members elect.
We need to do this in the spirit of the UN Charter and in accordance with its principles.
That is what I would like to say to Members of Parliament who have spoken tonight.
The outbreaks of fighting in South Ossetia in August of this year are only a poignant illustration of this, as are the unlawful, so-called presidential elections in Abkhazia, which jeopardise the development of democracy in Georgia.
You say you have carried out all the tests which apply to dumping.

At international level, we are doing everything we can to open up the public procurement markets of the world's major economies.
Subject: Benes Decree of 19 May 1945
In the light of this, I was extremely surprised by your laudatory acceptance of the new shutdown dates for Bohunice in 2006 and 2008.
The area is also extremely ecologically diverse and rich.
What has been lacking is greater transparency and a minimum degree of respect for small-holders and public participation in all processes.
Mr President, although it would have been better if we had voted at lunchtime, I am happy to go ahead now.
We have used the legal bases described and we know that this approach will benefit not only European consumers but also animal welfare, especially since we cannot introduce our animal welfare rules outside the European Union.
We receive regular reports of the interception of boatloads of migrants; as a rule, these people are first brought to shore and taken care of.
The establishment of a permanent court will offer the continuity and expertise which everyone needs in international criminal law.
This is all provided for in the proposed changes.
In conclusion - given that that is the position - the Commission will have to take on a very difficult task. It will have both to keep abreast of the situation and take account of all the various existing constraints - the legal, the political and the financial constraints - before it can draw up new forestry guidelines.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to welcome the delegation from the National Assembly of the Republic of Tunisia, headed by Mrs Shadlia Boukchina, Vice-President of the House of Representatives, which has joined us in the official gallery.
The fishing opportunities allocated to the Portuguese fleet have been reduced, with its shrimp trawler GRT cut by 65%, well above the overall average cut in GRT.
I have one potential confession: If I have to slip away for a couple of minutes during the course of the debate, it will be just to do my democratic duty in another place, where one of the Union's great institutions is meeting and discussing important matters relating to competition policy and other things.
I will throw this question out to everyone here: is everything in order with the existing system?
Firstly, there is budgetary pressure from Germany, which is keen to reduce its contribution; I can understand this and, what is more, the French might be working along similar lines; secondly, there is pressure from the cohesion countries, namely Spain, Portugal and Ireland, who all want to retain their share of the Structural Funds; thirdly, there is pressure due to enlargement to the East, which will require additional Structural Funds.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (NL) Mr President, I should like to make two preliminary observations.
We are proposing a network system to lend a real European dimension and a real European mission to those institutions.
You want to take family reunification much further than consensus in this House has previously allowed.
Now, because of you, democracy in Europe is moving closer to that of Stalin ...
There is no doubt that air traffic control delays are a problem.
British Labour Euro MPs have supported this resolution because we believe it is essential to recognise the reforms achieved by the Turkish Government, and to give a positive signal of encouragement for further change on their path towards accession in to the European Union.
I should like to make the point here that relations with Latin America must, above all, include a scientific and technical dimension, an industrial dimension, as we have with the United States -why not with Latin America as well?
If it is going to be possible to create an EU that operates well, such cooperation and confidence are crucial.
We need it in order to fully exploit one of Europe's basic advantages: its strong maritime tradition.
I support this decision as it allows the agreement concerning diplomatic, service and official passports, at least, to enter into force faster, since, unlike the agreement on ordinary passports, it does not require ratification by the Brazilian Congress.
There is ever-growing talk at the moment about increasing the EU's global competitiveness; tourism is one of the most important socio-economic activities, generating approximately 5% of the European Union's GDP.
Like the Council, we have three months in which to do this, in which respect we are given equivalence with them.
Our FTA with South Korea should be fully WTO-compatible.
This report on health care and care for the elderly is timely.
This, I deeply regret.
It ensures the flexibility companies need when doing business in more than one country.
This is my personal thinking.
Allow me first to make a comment, Commissioner: do not be too disconcerted by what the previous speaker has just said.
The measures taken in particular with regard to the banking sector are good for combating this financial crisis: an increase of capital, interbank loan guarantees and guarantees for loans.
Madam President, as you know, I am the representative of the Pensioners' Party and I got to this Parliament on the votes of Italian pensioners.
That concludes the vote.
These stocks are currently assessed at 55 consumption days.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (FR) Madam President, the application, albeit imperfect, of the Lisbon Strategy has enabled the European Union to move forward in many areas.
I think that, in concentrating on the directives being debated today, we have succeeded in doing this.
I also believe that bilateral free trade areas are a good thing.
Reporters Without Borders say Azerbaijan is in 146th place out of 175 countries surveyed in terms of freedom of speech.
It is also at times like this that we rediscover the importance of public services and their staff as a tool for serving the general interest.
It is for others to justify why they endorsed it.
That is the purpose of the new regulation, which replaces a directive and at the same time tightens up the conditions that companies must meet.
Such distortions will have to be eliminated when working on tax systems.
This is a fine piece of work, and it is also excellent that the work has been completed before the next meeting of the ACP-EU Joint Assembly takes place, which is as early as next week of course.
Traffic is the principal source of air pollution.
Every rating agency must be registered and their activities and the bases for their decisions scrutinised.
We have followed their work, we have followed their fight.
Mr President, for too long the international community has allowed Milosevic to do as he pleases, without trying all possible sanctions such as an oil embargo.
There are clear signals that the revised Toy Safety Directive needs to be strengthened in order to assure the highest level of protection for our children.
Globalisation and rapid economic development are giving rise a rise in the demand for flights in the EU.
I believe that the Temporary Protection Directive should be invoked now.
We therefore welcome this report and support it in its current form.
May I say to the Presidency that the difference with the DCECI is that it seeks to replace 16 codecided regulations with one regulation.
We have the concerns of some Member States about the possible effects of the right to mobility and the right to work granted to students.
Probably no other nation has devoted so much space, effort and time to a debate on its own identity as the Czechs have.
(EL) Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Filipiová, I want to start by congratulating Commissioner Vassiliou on her initiative on the proposal for a directive and the rapporteur, Mr Bowis, on his excellent work and to add my wishes for his speedy recovery.
The fact is that Hitler is on the loose again - Hitler is out and about again there.
.
A long list of amendments has been added to this report, many of them good and self-evident.
I might mention in passing that I welcome the fact that the Committee on Budget's various amendments and resolutions show its desire to look into the agricultural sector more deeply, including with regard to the Midterm Review, which is due next year.
I would also like to congratulate Slovakia, which is about to adopt the euro.
This programme declaration bodes well for the action plan, and we hope it will produce concrete results.
It is, I believe, rather obvious that such an announcement and the subsequent publicity will automatically result in a quite drastic loss of public confidence.
Specific issues relating to all the areas - disability, age, religion or belief, and sexual orientation - can, I believe, be covered in one comprehensive directive.
In Germany, for example, homeopathic medicines are included in the national pharmacopoeia.
We would like to thank the rapporteur for his work in producing a good report.
Any negligence in the performance of their duties affects all the citizens.
We have a decision from the Committee for Legal Affairs and the Internal Market which forms the basis for the President's talks.
In fact there is very little evidence that it can even be caught from birds unless there is considerable direct contact with the remains of dead birds.
We therefore object to the European Commission's proposals and stress the need to reverse this policy and take account of the specific reality of the Member States and their production needs.
I think that it is important that the issue of energy efficiency does not get sidetracked by emission quotas and the financial support being granted to developing countries.
Banks are increasingly reluctant to finance riskier business projects, innovative products or business transfers.
First, strengthening the state's role is the wrong answer in looking for a way out from the financial turmoil.
This is the current position and so it will remain.
(For the outcome and other details of the vote: see Minutes)
In other words, what policies will strengthen production in these regions without the European Union's having to pay out money which, due in part to internal problems, it is having trouble finding anyway.
Madam President, Baroness Ashton, the NATO Summit in Lisbon is of great importance for the EU and for Parliament, because we can only manage European security successfully in future if NATO, the EU and other organisations, such as the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), each make a contribution and cooperate effectively.
Mr President, Mr President of the European Central Bank, before the start of the second stage, this European Parliament had already assumed responsibility for organizing a monetary dialogue with the European Monetary Institute, and at the same time it stressed that this must be developed further in the third stage of monetary union with the beginning of the age of the euro.
In fact, we can start building a new Europe, and we can bring Eastern and Western Europe closer together not only politically, but also in terms of the quality of life of our citizens.
In accepting amendments, I am keen to preserve that balance.
And now, on top of that national debt, we are expected to contribute to these European recovery programmes.
This was attributed by many observers to liberalisation, privatisation, deregulation, etc. encouraging an inflow of capital.
In my view it is hypocritical to maintain that approving the principle that work may be done on Sundays will damage people's health and social life.
Cooperation is needed at European level, otherwise we will be investing in equipment which we have had for a long time, and when the chips are down we will have insufficient funding to invest in equipment that we really need.
There is, however, one thing we should not overlook.
I have said that the Commission intends to leave office as soon as possible, and this naturally depends on when the Member States and Parliament decide to appoint and approve our successors.
These are benefits that we as the European Union offer without expecting anything in return from our partners.
So far, Europe's commissioners have actually said that these are not part of Community law.
As the Group of the European People' s Party, the Christian Democrats and the European Democrats, we therefore say: we want more than was promised in Amsterdam; we want Amsterdam plus; we want a fundamental reform of the European Union so that it is capable of the expansion which is a great priority for us.
We have spent an enormous amount of time on significant market power and deciding how to regulate it, instead of actually thinking about the way forward.
First of all, this concerns the efforts of Member States to closely link the use of the funds with the Lisbon Strategy.
We hope that terrible beauty may be turned into a wonderful beauty in Nigeria, where peace and prosperity will prevail.
This clearly illustrates the need to fund forest fire prevention measures that will preserve the EU’s rich and extensive forest heritage, particularly in southern Member States and the Mediterranean fringe, which are affected by such fires every year.
Parliament must be genuinely involved in drawing up legislation.
I would like to make two comments by way of conclusion.
The report suggests ways of dealing with each of these problems.
The Iraqi Government should stop following the orders of the Mullahs in Tehran.
Commissioner, how is it that abusive action by a Director General of the Commission can paralyse the LEADER II programme, just because of problems raised by LEADER I?
Subject: EU action on endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs)
I would go further, and say that anybody who has had anything to do, however little, with the work of the Committee on Petitions can see that it is a sort of 'Cinderella' in our Parliament.
Doubtless, we will have many an occasion in future, both within this plenary and within the Committee on Fisheries, to discuss issues not only relating to conservation and the preservation of fish stocks but also relating to issues such as deep-water coral reefs.
It was signed by us Heads of State and Government and not by the European Commission.
However, the memory of this massacre, the commemoration of this tragedy, is also the tribute that evil pays to good.
Question No 12 by Olivier Dupuis (H-0752/98)
Only two days ago, on 18 June, the General Affairs Council decided to extend the Global Approach to Migration to the neighbouring regions on the eastern and southern borders of the EU.
In February I put a question to the Office of the Presidency on the building work in Strasbourg.
I am not just talking about administrators, but also about economic and social players and individual citizens, whom we must succeed in involving in this collective effort so that we can indeed make a qualitative leap in the protection of our environment, hence putting on greater pressure for the achievement of ambitious objectives at global level.
And on the subject of human rights, I would like in particular to ask you to help us defend them in Bolivia.
Parliament's commitment is very important for the 48 days remaining before the conference in Copenhagen.
I expect that we are going to find that some fairly shocking emission levels will be found when the environment agency brings out its next Dobris report shortly.
This has been reiterated by the European Court of Human Rights in its judgment in the fourth Cyprus v. Turkey inter-state case since 2001.
(IT) With this vote, the European Parliament has expressed its confidence in the European Ombudsman, whose mandate will last until the end of our parliamentary term.
But it is hardly credible for us to insist that the applicant countries meet those standards if the 15 existing Member States cannot do so.
The Commission's first analysis identifies several potentially negative effects on the political environment and Rule of Law in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
I voted in favour of this report as it has the potential to eliminate stereotypes discriminating against women in the workplace.
The situation in the company Qimonda, which has announced the closure of plants in Germany and Portugal, is, unfortunately, not unique.
The Commission’s conduct with regard to what has happened is unacceptable: confining itself to preaching the protection of human rights, it is behaving like the three monkeys: it does not see, it does not hear, and it does not speak about the many violations committed by the Member States.
Equal opportunities for people with disabilities mean a free national health and welfare service, special education, assistance and dignified work for everyone.
Some of us were unable to take part in it due to other commitments, and it would seem reasonable to hold another roll-call vote which would at least give us the opportunity to show that we are here.
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
European Union Member States are, collectively, major financial contributors to the United Nations, contributing almost 40% of its budget.
Here, I would like to point out how important the adoption of this report would be in this battle, as we must keep on tirelessly reminding ourselves that women are the primary victims of fundamentalism.
I think it is very good that there has been movement in Eurostat with regard to the collection of data, even if it is under difficult circumstances in relation to Greece.
However, all too frequently, there have been cases where this instrument has been used to deal with minor crimes. Cases which were extremely unequal in severity were given equal treatment.
On the other hand, some of the restrictions introduced by the Commission must be removed.
Events themselves, with fatal cases of serious "unprecedented" illnesses, should have made us face up to crucial questions about the health of our livestock, the quality of our food and the huge threat to consumers.
It is therefore our responsibility to address these problems now, without waiting until 2006.
The Lisbon strategy seeks to achieve far-reaching economic and social renewal by the end of the decade and will be the right course for an enlarged European Union too.
We are opposed to that; we want separate directives.
We believe that the same rules should apply to all types of transport, irrespective of whether it is transport to slaughter or transport for fattening elsewhere.
It is also important to apply the directive on tackling default in payment, so that people actually get their hands on the money within a set period of time.
However, it is far from complete.
For me, feminism is about seeing and acknowledging the fact that women often have a subordinate role in society and being prepared to do something about this.
You see, for eight years in this Parliament, throughout Europe, we have been living not through a psychodrama, but through a political tragedy where Europe is floundering, and we can clearly see that we are avoiding the current problems.
However, I would call on everyone here to recognise the importance of allowing time for change.
Mr President, first I would like to thank you very much for being here, and also ask you to pass on our best wishes to your colleague for his recovery as soon as possible, because he has really done outstanding work here.
In my opinion, it would be wrong to want to lay down rules the like of which the world has never seen before with no thought for the competitiveness and future prospects of one of Europe’s most important industries.
I also welcome the proposals in Mr Lage's report relating to the structural funds.
However, I am convinced that this is exactly what the citizens of Europe expect us to do.
The additional two years will enable us to align the equivalence decision with the Securities and Exchange Commission's timeline in its roadmap towards eliminating the need for reconciliation between IFRS and US GAAP.
It was alleged that, in a BBC interview, I had sided with Mrs Andreasen.
It would also be appropriate to authorise individual Commissioners to exercise direct control over the transposition of Community provisions into national law within the stated periods of time.
We can count through each row here and see how many of us that will be.
A Eurobarometer published in March of this year indicates that 58% of Europeans are against GMOs.
Industrial espionage is certainly not a legitimate reason for intercepting communications.
The Serbian government is now playing the role very much of a guard: it has the keys in its hands.
Unfortunately, this is not just a freedom for ordinary citizens.
All animals fed with highly contaminated feed would be kept under strict official control.
Our first action must be to save energy and to reduce demand.
Thirdly, there is a problem of lack of independent, objective assessment of the situation and suffering of civilians in the north.
This does not mean that we are completely satisfied with the result.
It will require imagination; it will require a lot of common effort from all the EU institutions and from the United States as well in order to reach a very robust, solid solution.
The Commission knows nothing of any other complaints.
That is the new reality of global governance that is taking shape.
Although the Commission has received rather positive feedback, some civil society representatives could estimate that their views have not been fully taken into account in the final documents adopted by the summit.
I believe that this issue is absolutely connected to youth unemployment, with the very high percentage of unemployment that we have in our Union.
If I were to re-formulate this sentence in the spirit of the Netherlands’ Presidency, then I would say that it is an ambitious but realistic objective to count the successful integration as a basic principle.
The tax burden on labour is increasing, while that on capital is decreasing.
There are great opportunities there to develop tourism right throughout the European Union, and I am quite happy to work with the Commission and to do anything we can because it is an opportunity.
Like my colleague, Mr De Rossa, I did not have time to speak in the House yesterday.
The problems faced by Roma women are particularly striking, for example, in relation to marital violence or unwanted pregnancies.
I would hope that the Community, for example the European Environment Agency, will also start to publish trends in emissions on the basis of a five-year average.
Second, the report suggests that certain Member States have failed to take any action in promoting European works in broadcasting.
What is more, the Structural Funds seem, in fact, to be a tool of federalist redistribution, whose objective is to make the recipient regions more and more dependent on the Commission, rather than allowing them to overcome their difficulties.
The west, and particularly the socialist party, aided and abetted "sovietism' for seventy years.
The dramatic famine which the people of Africa are suffering imposes the need to plan global strategic aid, not belated mercy actions.
In the UK and Ireland we indeed have a liberal regime and consumers there do not want their rights restricted.
What other foregone conclusions will be applied using the same modus operandi, with us again hoping they will end quickly?
This proposal provides a regulatory framework for financial activities in the EU.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Despite the fact that matters may be rather chaotic to begin with, something extremely good will emerge if we only have patience.
We hope that the session will constitute a step forward, allowing the European Union to make its actions more consistent and raise their profile, to reach common positions on all relevant human rights issues, and to use the Human Rights Council to build coalitions with countries, civil society and relevant international organisations, in order to make real progress in the field of human rights, as Lady Ashton said in her speech. We also hope that the European Union will be able to uphold the universal nature of human rights in the face of relativistic arguments and that it will finally achieve something that is within the compass of our generation; to achieve something comparable with the universal abolition of slavery in the past: namely, the universal abolition of the death penalty.
This is the challenge of our age and we have to meet this challenge.
You just have the misfortune to be in the chair now.
Today's debate confirms the vital role of the European Parliament in this entire lengthy development of hope on the Cypriot question and the exceptionally positive role of Commissioner Verheugen, of Mr Poos, and of all sides of the European Union in general.
Consequently, out of respect for the citizens that we represent here, I believe it is crucial that the European Parliament has the right not only to send a delegation of 25 Members of this House, but also and above all the right to have its representatives participate in the daily European Union coordinating meetings.
That, I think, was another major achievement for Parliament in this negotiation.
Instead of allowing the Member States to determine the punishment, it is preferable to use the term criminal sanctions.
Let me ask you one simple question.
Madam President, I am deeply shocked at being attacked by a member who cannot bear to hear the truth.
It is also very important for Article 175 to form the legal basis so that, as the previous speaker too pointed out, the existing systems are not undermined.
In the broader context of the problems arising concerning the relationship between centres and peripheries and between metropolitan areas and small centres of population for example, the issue of urban development is becoming increasingly important.
The most serious scandal is that we have an accounting system that still makes embezzlement possible.
What comment can you make to us about human rights violations in the Russian Federation and how do you assess the situation for prisoners in Russia in this regard, in particular for Platon Lebedev and Mikhail Khodorkovsky?
I am pleased that we are starting to make some serious progress on it.
We should not ask them to accept a period of insecurity and uncertainty.
I give the floor to Mrs Green.
That is not our difficulty.
The best example of this are the 'freeways', which were announced with great ceremony.
Mr Solana's new discussion paper should have been submitted directly to ourselves, as I requested. Instead, I now hear about it through leaks.
I would, however, say as an aside that I regret that in staffing issues we do not make more use of fixed term contracts.
Support for and the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises would be of service here, since these companies employ a large proportion of European Union citizens.
The Commission accepts this amendment.
Lastly, again by implication, a reduction in the cost of residential heating to be paid by citizens.
I am grateful to the honourable Member for his question.
Well done!
If we do that, we will preserve the transatlantic relationship, or at least we will not be blamed for damaging it.
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission on the macroeconomic dialogue in order to encourage growth and employment (Cologne process).
It is indeed national governments who actually spend some 80% of the EU budget, and most criticisms of the Court of Auditors relate to them, rather than to the European institutions.
I wish to state, however, that transatlantic cooperation must be strengthened and expanded for the benefit of the US, of the EU and of the whole world.
(The sitting was closed at 12.55 p.m.)
I feel the Council should confine itself to defining the general political guidelines of the Union and should not intervene in the questions of specific detail.
At the forthcoming summit we shall also be discussing citizens' involvement in the European Union.
Madam President, I too should like to ask in what capacity you made this statement.
We owe it to ourselves to perform this act.
It is as well to remember that not everything which is legal is moral because the law often protects morally reprehensible activities, as unfortunately in our present situation.
Our rising to this challenge is also crucial to the success of the EU's overall strategy to combat climate change, to achieve the 20/20/20 target and to promote cohesion.
I would like to highlight the fact that I met with Gary Kasparov, while he was a candidate for the presidency of Russia, in this Parliament here in Strasbourg.
The candidates have confirmed to me their consent to their candidacies.
We also need coherence in Member States.
With the best of intentions, the President?in-Office of the Council has told us that the Italian Presidency wishes to comply with what it promised in this Parliament, but it has also told us, very diplomatically, that in Riva del Garda it did not achieve that.
Education is not the way forward.
Sweden has almost an equal number of women and men Members of Parliament.
The question relates in particular to how the Presidency intends to deal with adherence to the ILO Convention on slave labour.
I will give you an example of what I mean by specific commitments.
I would also like to emphasise the value of the EU taking action so as to avoid a proliferation effect.
Sailing a ship through a storm is not easy.
The Danish Foreign Minister, Mr Petersen, recently stated that this decision sends the right message that democracy and a desire for reform are rewarded.
The development of the market in terms of demand and the significant development of new products, marketed in a similar way, have created substantial problems for consumers and businesses.
As a result it minimises the dramatic problems being experienced by millions of Iraqi refugees and displaced persons and the attacks on the most basic rights, freedoms and guarantees of Iraqis, particularly women.
I can illustrate this by means of two examples.
In my opinion, we have to have a more positive vision and I think that that must be our approach to addressing the problems and proposals for action in order to ensure economic growth in the Union in the years ahead.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, my group welcomes the Commission’s statement.
I have not been able to read the text in the other languages of the European Union, but first of all, I would like to know whether there has been a political misunderstanding which has caused the Italian version to be wrong, or whether the French and English versions are wrong.
As we are running behind time, thanks to the capacity of some of the group chairmen to express themselves, I will show a less liberal disposition for the balance of the morning.
Although I know that this is largely in the hands of the Member States, all the same, the European Union needs to remember its own commitments, the Lisbon Strategy, for example, and it has to keep to them, so that we can channel budget money into research and innovation, creating new added value for Europe.
Written statements (Rule 149)
Let me say yet again that this is a subject on which opinions can differ.
1.
I am aware that this report is dealing with general guidelines, but in its current state it seems to me to be all but useless and merely self-serving.
Analysing the whole set of work programmes from the first three years of implementation of FP7, the Commission estimates that 37% of the topics supported by R&D funding are for green technology.
   . I voted in favour of this report, in which the Commission advocates updating the European regulatory framework on company law and corporate governance, by proposing measures aimed at: increasing businesses' competitiveness as a crucial component of economic growth and job creation, improving protection for shareholders and creditors and enhancing the transparency of the way in which businesses operate.
We would point out that, in paragraph 3, the Swedish words 'ett så kallad rättvist återflöde ' do not accurately reflect the French 'juste retour ', which should be translated as 'exakt ' or 'precist återflöde '.
We asked the Commission to submit a report on it, a report which was to be based on the Court of Auditors' guidelines and submitted by 1 April.
The last point I want to raise is that we really ought to have a basic debate on this whole question of taxes one day.
I would like to stress that the achievements of the Commission's proposals will consist not only in the existence of the technologies themselves, but also in opportunities to access them and opportunities and incentives for older people to learn, in those parts of Europe where this is of particular importance in reducing disparities in income levels and regional disparities.
I also agree that it is essential for countries which are largely dependent upon nuclear power plants for their electricity and energy that closure programmes are phased to allow time to provide replacement capacity.
That is not impunity - impunity is to continue as you are for many years.
Mr President, I too congratulate the rapporteur on his report. This report is about the future - which makes a change from the debates we were having earlier - and, in particular, about relations between the Council, the Commission and the European Parliament with a view to greater democratisation of our institutions.
Mr President, 16.5 million small and medium-sized enterprises with 110 million workers in the European Union: these figures highlight the economic and social importance of this segment of European business.
The EU has marked out a clear route for dealing with the climate question.
In this respect, I believe that she did good and even admirable work, but I believe that the final result, the 400 amendments, on which I do not believe we were very generous with her compromises in many respects, is not very coherent.
The Hungarian press produced a document regarding this.
There is also a particularly low birth rate where relatively few women go out to work, while highly-qualified women delay starting a family for a long time or do without children altogether.
It is disgraceful that no definitive solution has managed to be found to this issue.
The Czech Presidency appreciates the care taken by Parliament in drafting this report, the wording of which has emerged from numerous difficult but fruitful discussions in a number of relevant committees.
It is this policy that should be brought into question.
The second change is the inclusion of prevention in the scope of the instrument.
Once again, we are going to consider any request as part of a comprehensive analysis of the project.
Four hundred and eighty million Europeans must stand together for their interests and values.
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of this amendment to the EU-US Air Transport Agreement.
The Southern European Member States have left it too late.
It forgets the innocent victims in Baghdad, the inexorable siege of Basra and the rivers of blood, and talks instead about who will rule Iraq after the war, the USA or the UN.
We would particularly like to agree with Mrs Napoletano's criticism of the Commission's plans to abolish the URBAN initiative. It has provided excellent results with regard to specific urban problems not covered by other EU programmes.
I would ask everyone to play their part in ensuring that this partisan national attitude has no future as we work to solve this problem.
The aim of this report is to put forward a concrete and consistent proposal for the EU to fight against counterfeiting, a stance which I support.
A number of amendments even ratify the employers' point of view on the flexibility offered by this form of insecure employment.
As things stand, we know that from 2012, any disabled boat passenger will have improved rights, including a guarantee of the right to board and free assistance in the port.
This budget is the personification of poverty, it is a budget for the few and the powerful and not for the many and the weak.
That protection has been provided by subsidies and preferential treatment which is expressed in a special system of import certificates and a customary duty-free import quota.
in writing. - (FR) Sovereign wealth funds, these state-owned funds that are invested all over the world, are they a good or a bad thing?
It is a text which makes explicit - if any doubt existed - one of the objectives and central themes of the EU and its proposed Treaty of Lisbon: the militarisation of the EU and its consolidation as a political and military bloc, within the framework of NATO; that is, in partnership (coordination and rivalry) with the US.
We agree with the basic points illustrated in the Moscovici report.
It was wrongly stated in the discussions that so-called soft drugs are harmless.
In France, thankfully, the debate has just been reopened, thanks to the remarks - for once - of Mr Giscard d'Estaing.
It would be paradoxical for Parliament to approve this discharge before the end of its term when not all the information is available, when the second report by the Committee of Independent Experts is expected in the autumn and when the conditions for us to definitively approve this discharge are not therefore satisfied.
In this context, we therefore believe that it is of key importance during this six-month term to set the north-south dialogue on a more constructive basis, for it has deteriorated considerably in recent months, particularly as regards the subject of human rights, which must continue to be an essential part of the dialogue.
(The sitting was suspended at 6.15 p.m. pending Question Time and resumed at 6.30 p.m.)
Many happy returns, Mr Telkämper.
Then the issues were the quality of the growth that we are bringing about, sustainability and biodiversity.
I have only one additional question: does the Commission believe there is scope for a public campaign to name the individual companies involved and call on honest business not to associate with them?
Protecting the climate, the environment and human dignity, together with eliminating poverty throughout the world, have been recognised and acknowledged as joint tasks for all of mankind. These tasks are much more important than conventional trade interests.
It is our duty to try and reduce smoking and especially to prevent young people from starting.
Accordingly, we feel it is essential to alter the legal basis.
A huge amount of damage has already been done to consumer trust and consumer confidence in the recent past.
For that reason, the Committee on Budgets supports the Commission proposal on this matter.
The completion of Economic and Monetary Union and the introduction of a single currency mean that we need an authentic European Union economic and monetary policy.
It was my very great pleasure to cooperate on this as one of the shadow rapporteurs.
The next item is the continuation of the joint debate on the pre-accession strategy.
Of the measures for which it provided, 75% have already been implemented, and I regard that as a good outcome.
Then with a specific nondiscrimination clause. And finally by specific provisions regarding equal opportunities.
I welcome the specific mention of cardiovascular disease in the 2008-2013 health programme, but I am somewhat disappointed at the vastly reduced budget allocation given the fact that cardiovascular disease costs the European Union's countries EUR 169 billion each year.
We now come to the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance.
Since I am the first speaker who comes from a country that has said ‘yes’ in a referendum, please allow me to give some pieces of advice.
Secondly, so far, I have not got the feeling that Japan is really meeting us half way in terms of market protectionism and non-tariff trade barriers.
The Israeli Prime Minister's opposition to the European delegation meeting President Arafat has unfortunately limited the scope of the mission, the absolute necessity of which the Presidency was and remains convinced of. It is also convinced that the speech by President Bush last Thursday was a further attempt to redefine the conflict and seek a short-term solution.
That must change too.

(NL) Mr President, the new Directive on Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control (IPPC Directive) will ensure that businesses have to equip all large installations with the best available technology.
European citizens must be given an instrument to enforce their rights.
These, then, should be included as well.
The Internet is not monitored, yet children and young people are rarely aware of the dangers lying in wait for them there.
I sincerely hope that the submission of this report is not in vain, because, although Article 128 of the Treaty grants this Parliament the right to be consulted, in practice this right is at risk of being undermined.
Written statements (Rule 142)
Respect for our rights is not merely inalienably ours; it is our only path to welfare and security.
In Hungary, a few days ago, a police chief constable who had made a racist statement was acquitted and then reinstated after reference was made to a supposed internal investigation.
This is precisely the hidden agenda that lurks beneath the aim of competitiveness, namely the drive to slash corporate taxation, destroy welfare systems and engage in brutal wage dumping - in other words, the quest for increasingly unbridled capitalism.
Madam President, there has been a misunderstanding from the earliest days of the European Union as to what we mean by a free market in goods and services.
As I see it, the key threats are the state of security in the country, violence against women and corruption.
However, we stand by our opinion that there should be a resolution.
What seems to be beautifully simple, given the presentation by the rapporteur, was drafted in an environment of extreme tension between the two arms of the budgetary authority, tensions which were very different from those which usually arise in serious negotiations between the Council and the Parliament on budgetary matters.
In this context, it will be important, as we state in our motion for a resolution, to ensure extensive circulation of the best and worst results achieved by the Member States in the implementation of the environment directives. This could even take place via the Internet and would underline the difference in the commitment of each of the States in this matter and expose their behaviour to public opinion, which is almost always more effective than judgments of the Court of Justice.
As everybody here knows, the railways are not ready either institutionally, technically or economically to take over from the roads.
This is a major issue, but unfortunately the report on this, for which I am responsible, will not now come before this House as there is not enough time.
The report presents us with a splendid opportunity to discuss the weapons the Union will choose to combat harmful tax competition between Member States.
(ES) Madam President, I want to start by congratulating Mrs Gräßle and in particular thanking her for her openness to suggestions and proposals.
Just say the word.
We are not blind in one eye either as regards Slovakia or any other country.
Transfers of appropriations: see Minutes
Russia should not put pressure on Ukraine in this area by giving it the option of either joining the customs union with Kazakhstan and Belarus or paying a high energy price.
Therefore, as stated during the magnificent demonstrations staged by the trades union movement that ran in tandem with the Council in Barcelona, despite the attempts, worthy of our condemnation, by the Spanish Government and police to break up and suppress these events, what is needed is a change of policy and not more of the same.
It has been an area outside law and order and we have seen the terrible consequences.
Then they suffered again during Saddam Hussein's days when he had the war with the Kurds.
I will continue to listen carefully to both sides in this House on this issue.
To conclude, I want to refer to the first question concerning the common consolidated corporate tax base, which would solve the problem.
The neighbours that want to join the European Union themselves have been treated in just the same way as the countries of North Africa.
My name is Voggenhuber.
With this motion we are calling for an expression of solidarity and expressing our deepest sympathy for the families of the victims and the dwellers in those areas who have suffered.
I believe that we have here a currency that is, in fact, solid, and solid in historical terms, too.
I would emphasise that these values are acknowledged in all areas, both in internal action and in relations with third countries.
In fact, the Council text contains all your major amendments such as those concerning the definition of an establishment of higher education, the diversity of national education and assessment systems, as well as the independence and individual character of establishments of higher education.
The Union remains committed to its positions of principle regarding the peace process, as set out in its previous declarations, particularly the call for peace in the Middle East, issued in Amsterdam in June 1997.
The report goes on to deprecate, in the Central Asian republics, the 'anxiety to maintain internal control', which 'is a given in regimes which show little interest in seeking popular consent on which to base their rule'.
Control cannot mean bureaucracy, since this is always an unnecessary cost.
In 2006 half of all products sold in the EU that were deemed hazardous to health were manufactured in China.
I believe, now that the discharge has been postponed, we will have a debate on this at some point before the autumn and I hope that, with that debate, we will be able to put an end to conflicts of interest within EMEA.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (LV) Thank you, Mr President.
So can I just be very clear: we insist no loopholes are created by not possible derogations, exceptional derogations.
We, on the other hand, are of the opinion that, if there are irregularities, officials must report back to the President of the Parliament.
Finally, I know that time is up but I wish to make two short points.
On behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, I would like to emphasise the importance of the reports that we are discussing here today, which strongly echo the spirit of the Monti report, with the idea of promoting a successful liberal economy, promoting competition and promoting a dynamic, innovative market.
rapporteur. - Mr President, I should just like to inform the House that not only have we achieved a separate instrument to promote democracy and human rights as a successor to the European initiative, against the original wishes of the Council and Commission, but we have managed to achieve all the objectives set by the European Parliament.
We should not give these states a free rein.
I abhor this particular line of argument particularly in light of the fact that there has been a number of tragic deaths in Ireland and across Europe from the use of ecstasy.
Allow me, first of all, to thank the Commissioner for her answer which I think sounds very positive.
Public consultations on the fifth report on cohesion policy reveal an overall desire to pull away from the Brussels-dictated policy.
The Union' s political role must grow and, if and as this role grows, the Union must uphold the law with increasing determination.
It is positive that the EU is taking more interest in social issues in relation to questions of trade, competition, markets and economics.
For this reason, it is clear that we must retain the ratification by the national parliaments for the sake of subsidiarity.
For the entire certification process to have the highest possible credibility, however, there must be a public body in charge.
I do not believe that a reference to the tax on financial transactions should be included in this report.
It also calls on China to end political persecution and other human rights abuses.
However, I am not of the opinion that we should do this in such a way - and this applies to all industrial products, not just cars - that we compromise the international competitiveness of our industries.
I am interested not in having two monologues, but in having a dialogue with this House which would reflect the true spirit of the Lisbon Treaty.
From our point of view, this is a technical matter and in such instances there is always a good chance of reaching a consensus.
In this connection, aid for modernisation, and most importantly, setting up aid for young people must certainly be maintained in the meantime.
To allay these fears, we ask our governments, the Council and the Commission, to speak up and make the voters understand that the development or decline of our countries is the same as the development or decline of the Union which, if it mistakes the methods and timing of enlargement, if the employment problems are not sorted out soon, if for these reasons we do not manage to keep the citizen's consent, he will change his vote and Europe will become what none of us wants: a highly bureaucratized, somewhat laissez-faire body somewhat in favour of state intervention, which will move like an elephant between the crystal vases of international politics, without any shared security and defence, without a policy of justice, without what it takes to perform the political role of a body of that size.
Like Mr Bertens, I should to remind the house of the slogan of a campaign which my party, the Radical Party, is running, which is, as we cannot save them one by one, we must try to save them all.
The Commission therefore needs to propose new additional instruments, such as extending the responsibilities of the European Environmental Agency and the facility for the Union to send missions to verify information in the Member States.
Weighing up these two aspects is not easy.
The proposal before us today seems to tend broadly in that direction, yet the measures it advocates are very limited in terms of achieving the objectives involved in implementing a genuine common European asylum system.
I would like you to listen to me, Mr Langen, because I am telling you and I am repeating what the President of the Commission said in the letter to Mr Poettering and what I said on 7 June in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in your presence - we are entirely willing to share information with you and to forward any information available.
We have tried and are trying to act in this spirit.
Moreover, the view that EU funds are inadequately looked after is increasingly widespread in Europe, so we also have a political debt to the public, to our constituents and to our taxpayers in this regard.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report and largely we can agree with most of the contents.
My colleague, Nigel Farage, tells me that there are countries in the European Union which actually regard horses as food!
If we are to ban cloning, then we must give practical effect to that ban by including a comparable ban in the patent directive.
What, then, is the first real problem that we face?
I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge again the essential on-going input which the European Parliament is contributing to the work of the conference.
I would like to say, without mincing my words, that those who really work should not be penalised because others pack their bags on Thursday morning!
I should like, therefore, to concentrate on the substance of this issue, which, as both Mr Sindal and Mr Swoboda have said, is a matter of critical importance, so far as I am concerned, and so far as the development of the common transport policy is concerned.
Unfortunately, there is still a glaring lack of resources.
So should the EBRD at some point not be able to provide its loan on the basis of the recommendations, alternative possibilities will have to sought.
I attached great importance to this.
OK, that is the case for you.
Mrs André-Léonard, I will have to ask the services to investigate how that particular notice was distributed.
I think it important that the solidarity of which today's debate has been an expression should also extend beyond the existing or present Member States to include the candidate countries which would, in that way, be given a signal that they too were being considered in the context of what we were working on.
I support this agreement, but would stress the need for the EU to draw attention to the way the State of Israel is showing scant respect for human rights and the ongoing peace process.
Thank you very much Mr President.
The proposals contained in this report, however, as at first reading, make significant improvements to the text.
I personally supported the need for an annual deadline for the entry into force of the regulation and this was certainly not to delay its application but, quite the contrary, to ensure that its initial implementation will be carried out comprehensively and conscientiously so that all Member States, without exception, are able to fulfil the requirement to prepare participation and checking instruments.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (NL) Mr President, I would like to start by thanking the Commissioner for his account and also for his honesty in setting out the dilemmas with which he is confronted when he speaks to his colleagues and with the Member States about reforming the trade defence mechanism of the European Union.
The directive will give better protection to creditors, in most cases SMEs, while respecting the freedom of contract.
Efforts to increase public awareness have got off to a good start in the form of activities on the part of Interpol and Europol, initiatives in every individual Member State, Habitat projects, etc. However, the harmonisation of the different national legislations in this field and the ensuing discrepancies in methods of investigation and prosecution have to be tackled at European level as a matter of priority.
Sixty years ago the former President of Costa Rica, José Figueres, had the vision of abolishing the national army and thus declaring peace to the world.
The second point related to actions in the field of information.
We must focus on policies that bring Europe closer to its citizens and change their daily lives.
We will very soon be presenting to you major policy initiatives in my own area of responsibility, and the order in which I shall now list them is a matter of deliberate choice.
I believe that we must state very clearly that, if we believe that the European Constitution is good, it must not be renegotiated and that, however long it may take, the citizens must express their opinion on it, either directly or by means of their parliaments.
This is an important own-initiative report of Parliament, which aims to set out the debate not only on the current but above all on the next Multiannual Financial Framework.
They, along with key stakeholders, such as professional bodies, are likewise well placed to evaluate the current state of regulation of the professions in their countries, explore what can be modernised and evaluate the impact of possible reforms on growth and jobs.
Businesses which formally respect the criteria for the definition of small and medium-sized businesses - particularly because they have less than 250 employees - but are in fact controlled by a large business, or by a group of large businesses, should not benefit from special incentives intended for small and medium-sized businesses.
Europe cannot however, fail to take responsibility for European interests in the world, particularly today.
We do not, however, believe that the EU should use events of this kind to strengthen its influence over different policy areas.
That is the ambition to keep a closer eye on the efficiency and thriftiness of European institutions.
These provisions oblige the Member States to create DNA files and permit the collection, processing and automated exchange of DNA data, fingerprints and other records and information by the repressive mechanisms, including on persons who they suspect will commit a criminal offence or jeopardise public order and security.
In recent years waiving or reducing royalties on drugs for poor countries has been championed by the EU and I urge us not to be fainthearted in pressing for more concessions, whatever the complexity of the arguments, many of which I do not fully believe, and I say that as a European patent attorney, as well as a politician.
We know that this fight is the only realistic alternative solution to the crisis they are experiencing.
I apologise for the noise, but it was not a lack of courtesy towards you.
First of all, I would like to start with a point made by an inhabitant of Nigeria who was asked what the cause of the evil in this country was.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, I seek clarification.
This draft recommendation is the outcome of Parliament's and Council's consideration of the Commission's updating proposal of 1996.
Also, in the name of badly understood consumer protection, the use of certain additives which are recognized as perfectly neutral by the scientific authorities should not be refused, to the detriment of food safety itself.
We will not tolerate normal, democratic opposition being muzzled or suppressed, or the actions of trade unions and of movements and associations being thwarted in the name of combating terrorism.
Secondly, I should like to draw the attention of the President-in-Office of the Council to the fact that many areas of European decision-making are not only unclear and untransparent, but also fundamentally undemocratic.
The second ambiguity is we are told that the new directive will enable the market to be opened in a gradual and controlled fashion.
With regard to your comment on teachers and pupils, there was a brilliant Neapolitan man of the theatre - he was Neapolitan but also Italian and European - who used to say that you can never say you have taken your last exam.
They demand more transparency and more openness from us.
We cannot build such an ambitious strategy without implementing it immediately, precisely at a time when it is crucial that this tool for relaunching the economy be made to fully deploy its effects.
We should now continue working together to ensure trade liberalisation between the Mediterranean partner countries themselves.
This both protects the confidential relationship and meets the demands of the fight against crime.
An enthusiastic innovation plan from the Commission will be able to persuade pupils and students to opt once again for technological subjects, with prospects in a high-tech industry, an industry with a bright future, something which I have no doubt we are all in favour of.
Parliament has also committed the Commission to analysing the first results and experiences in connection with the implementation of the EU Strategy for the Danube Region and, using the example of the two strategies (for the Baltic and the Danube), to map out possible sources and methods of financing for macro-regional strategies.
Donors must also answer a series of questions which are listed in Annex 2, and must meet certain criteria which are listed in Annex 5 and which, of course, should not be discriminatory.
Madam President, allow me, before further ado, to congratulate you on your stunning election, with such a big majority, in your constituency, which has a common border with Spain and which nearly ended up suffering a time difference with people across the border.
Many voluntary organisations have already expressed their worries to me that such a measure, unless we get it exactly right, could well prove more of a hindrance than a help to their activities.
The situation has become more critical as, unfortunately, the EU had to withdraw from WADA funding.
Other countries in the region must also be involved in this programme, since we will otherwise be faced with an ever-increasing number of related problems as the desert spreads south.
If I do not dwell on this, it is simply because there are one or two questions I should like to raise with you, Mr President-in-Office.
Madam President, we call for the words 'or commercial' in the second paragraph of Amendment 19 to be deleted in order to make the text clearer and more applicable.
This decision only applied to bilateral exchanges - EU cooperation was not affected.
Now, however, the euro continues to exist and has not been abolished.
It is all about having a certain attitude to certain things at this point.
The debate is closed.
I therefore appeal to your wisdom, ladies and gentlemen, and propose that the text be referred back to the Committee on Legal Affairs, which was unable to express its own opinion, so that guarantees for European citizens can be incorporated into the proposal.
Mr President, do I understand it that you are therefore not able to confirm what I asked?
I would remind the Commissioner that the dossiers on optical radiation fields and waves, vibration and noise all date back ten years.
Despite their long experience and considerable commitment, there is nonetheless a certain amount of doubt about the three well-known statesmen appointed to the Bureau.
However, this needs to be explained to the citizens of the Union, in order to increase social support for the next steps.
Mr President, on behalf of the Green Group I would like to welcome both of these reports.
This is not the case in China.
In the period 1988-1995, they created 1.75 million jobs throughout the European Union.
That is why the return of asylum seekers to Zimbabwe should be halted now.
Mr President, I would like to say most emphatically on behalf of the Group of the European People' s Party, that the large majority of us support the rapporteur, Mr Rothley, on the only point of real controversy which, as he has made very clear, is its field of application.
Or the idea of having everyone renew their vows to Europe.
They are all presented at some length, but none of them is examined in any depth.
In conclusion, I want to state that we must urge Saddam Hussein to cooperate with the weapons inspectors so that we avoid a war.
Are the Commission and the Council prepared to give the EU these tools?
Mr President, the European Union has given the applicant countries a very thorough examination.
We voted against Amendment No 35 to this paragraph, which would extend QMV to all appointments made by the Council.
It is to those we need to refer; to this common legal heritage of our civilisation.
Finally, a draft resolution was tabled, aimed at putting an end to the debate by setting up a 'committee of experts'.
This is blindingly obvious.
We are not.
An agreement with India would present various advantages, such as the consolidation of the European Union's privileged position in an important and growing market.
Their pledges were incompatible with EU membership.
Climate change lies at the root of natural disasters throughout the world that have left a trail of destruction and death in their wake.
In the second place, I got up and told Mr Blak I was here - because he had been mistaken - I was here and I had heard what he said.
   Mr President, I speak on behalf of the Committee on International Trade’s draftsman, Mr Sjöstedt, who is on Hong Kong with virtually all the other members of the committee apart from me.
We seem to be able to get weapons there for the Eritreans and Ethiopians to continue the war of aggression against each other over nonsensical issues and, at the same time, while the European Union and the Western World export weapons to Ethiopia and to Eritrea, the famine continues and the lives of millions and millions of people are threatened.
Mr President, Commissioner, there have recently been certain statements advocating the elimination of the Cohesion Fund.
Notable amongst these reports are the statements by the UN Human Rights Council's Special Rapporteur on Extrajudicial, Summary or Arbitrary Executions, Philip Alston, and by the Melo Commission.
Hopefully, the paper will contain good, concrete proposals, but I also hope that we can still put some effort into the SLIM project.
I give the floor to Mr Verheugen to answer Mr Malone's question.
This House does not want to be a micromanager, it simply wants an influence on policy, on how it is developed and implemented.
Therefore, we need to strive for a consensus and listen to everyone.
Dear colleagues, many priorities of Liberals and Democrats have been reflected in the European Parliament's Resolution on the Lisbon Strategy.
It is unfortunate that in the report, the target for biofuels remains unchanged at 10%.
Madam President, Commissioners, truly, the timing of today's debate could not have been better.
The second is integrated projects, which essentially involves undertaking and further developing the unifying measures of the previous model of technology platforms. The final instrument is the European Union' s involvement in programmes run jointly by several Member States and which are of benefit to the Community, for example under Article 169 of the Treaty, such as those we shall have the opportunity to discuss at the debate on the new framework programme.
Europe's role in the world is more than just the limited and, as yet, undeveloped activities covered by the CFSP.
Once this measure has reached cruising speed, the CO2 emission of one million passenger cars will have been eliminated, which is quite impressive!
I would now like to concentrate on the next important steps for the directive because I do believe that this directive is very important for all of us.
If a settlement is reached and Cyprus accedes as a united country, the European Union is prepared to make a huge financial contribution towards the rapid development of the northern part of the island in the run up to accession.
I can sense from the text the effort that has been made to overcome ideological prejudices and find a compromise across the political spectrum.
I would therefore ask you to shift your attention to this.
One portfolio will be devoted to justice and fundamental rights, and the other to home affairs.
EU manufactures are responsible for the safety of the goods they produce.
The question, and it is a far-reaching one, as I am sure you can see, is whether the European Parliament can decide between the two arms of Member State authority, the judicial authority and the governmental authority, in order to determine which of the two is the competent body.
This is the message we must deliver at the summit meeting on Friday.
There should be a cohesion dimension to the ability to deal with the consequences of disasters, reducing disparities between the EU's different regions and Member States.
But, of course, we also see the necessity for a genuine commitment by our Afghan partners.
The second reason for doing so was that many people were warning us, quite rightly I believe, of the fact that this accounting standard was being proposed for all users, namely auditors, investors and supervisors, without an impact assessment having been carried out first.
To conclude, I believe that the basic problem is to make the Council and all the European institutions understand that Europe today cannot simply look after itself, but that it must instead look after the rights of those who are now suffering the violence of war and the humiliation of persecution.
We want Afghan women to take on conspicuous political responsibility in the reconstruction of their country in the transitional government.
Five years on from Beijing, we shall be assessing the past five years.
Sadly we are inundated with reports of criminal acts perpetrated by governments and those acting under them.
If you are, when exactly are you going to do it?
The attitude of the Council and the paucity of means are all the more damaging since a close examination of the petitions is also an excellent way for the institutions to evaluate the extent of the application of and true respect for Community law in the various Member States.
   .
How is it with this then?
For this reason, we are asking Member States to adopt all the measures necessary to ensure more effective cooperation and facilitate the exchange of information between the national authorities involved.
Finally - and there are still a few differences of opinion on this issue - we have also brought about a situation through this regulation whereby tyres will produce considerably less noise.
But that is not all.
Sierra Leone
Environmental problems will not be solved by creating tax systems.
As a tool for fighting poverty, international trade is necessary, but inadequate.
That is why I tabled my amendment in the Employment and Social Affairs Committee to say that on-call time should be classed as working time.
In relation to the current negotiations which the Union will face, the Council looks forward to receiving the Commission's proposals which I understand will be published on 18 March.
It is not to oppose liberalisation to ask that it be done in a way that takes account of these factors and allows the continuation of a universal and affordable postal service.
The Member States therefore keep their own legal rules, systems and traditions, but, as a result, the uncertainty that may arise from the application and the confrontation of national laws in different regions of the Union is greatly reduced.
I should also like to draw attention to the translation of Amendment No 21 which was originally drafted in German, for which the translations into Spanish and Italian, at least, are really quite strange and cannot be accepted.
As regards Abkhazia, relations with Georgia and the announcement of elections in particular, the Commission records that the partenariat and cooperation agreement with Georgia, signed on 22 April 1996, expresses support for independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity in the region.
It can therefore be accepted and approved, while the debate about Amendment No 3 also shows that the boundaries between the first and third pillars of the structure of our Union are very difficult to maintain.
We are talking here of a cardinal principle of the rule of law: if there is an accusation against anyone, for example a country, they must be put in a position to defend themselves before judgment can be passed on them.
Our objective is to achieve full equality where this is possible and where this is essential, in other words - everywhere.
We agree with the idea of establishing closer links between magistrates and the institutional mechanisms of European judicial cooperation, so as to facilitate the professional monitoring of the various stages of constructing a judicial Europe and thereby contributing to the consolidation of the area of freedom, security and justice and to the creation of a European judicial culture.
Nevertheless, 95% of these executions, almost all of them, took place in China, in Iran, in Vietnam and in the United States.
We are of the opinion that this lies outside Parliament's competence to comment on.
Instead of carefully crafted measures which would address the real problems affecting the fishing industry, the Commission has delivered what can only be described as a blunt instrument which, if adopted, would fail to protect fish stocks or to address the issue of fishing effort.
I also warn the curious that Parliament is now able to reopen such a procedure.
We must maintain a certain flexibility in this matter and I can see that you are quite aware of this but - and this is the last point to which I would like to draw your attention, even though, I regret, you are not listening to me - I also feel that we must view this merely as an initial step.
Finally, I would like to point out that the responsibility for applying the Convention rests above all with the Member States and that that is an area in which we are strictly bound to apply the principle of subsidiarity.
That means we can keep an eye on the situation and act in good time to predict and ward off problems, such as the failure of the grain harvest this year.
There are 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises in the EU at present.
The report rightly emphasises the central importance that human resources policy must have in reform.
A4-0355/98 by Mr Pex, on behalf of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Decision amending Decision No 2085/97/EC establishing a support programme, including translation, in the field of books and reading (ARIANE Programme) (COM(98)0539 - C4-0544/98-98/0282(COD)); -A4-0356/98 by Mr Pex, on behalf of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Decision amending Decision No 719/96/EC establishing a programme to support artistic and cultural activities having a European dimension (KALEIDOSCOPE Programme) (COM(98)0539 - C4-0545/98-98/0283(COD)).
In addition, however, we must also define standards in relation to cultivation and processing, in which connection the greenhouse gas balance during the entire production cycle must be the main criterion.
Careful monitoring of these procedures on your part, in close contact with your counterparts in the national parliaments, is the to success, especially within the framework of the interim review of the Lisbon strategy.
That is not enough.
This is a very good example from the Presidency and from the Commission.
That is why we are calling for an immigration policy that is responsible and that is based on two key aspects.
As I see it, this touches on questions affecting all the institutions and I think that this should really be debated and discussed in an appropriate interinstitutional forum such as the trialogue.
The first days when refugees arrive in Europe are crucial in determining their status and European countries must, by 2012, improve their asylum procedures at that very first stage, according to the report.
In response to your comments on Sierra Leone, Mr Robles Piquer, the Commission is following events there very closely, particularly the recent fighting between the rebel forces, including the Revolutionary United Front, and the soldiers from the old Sierra Leone army supported by the ECOMOG regional intervention troops.
A great deal of waste is incinerated these days, but not, in fact, by these expensive installations equipped with flue-gas cleaning devices.
In one respect alone I am closer to President Bush than to Mr Cohn-Bendit, and that is in the belief that he is right to warn Taiwan, too, against taking ill-advised action.
However, I want to say that what we members of the mission of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs saw in Malta were anything but reception centres.
There is an absolute necessity to lock the two together.
We are trailing behind.
24.
This huge increase in our balance of trade deficit has little to do with the increase in oil prices.
Of course, in all these programmes, especially in the programmes which are connected for example to INTERREG and PHARE, it is very important that the border areas get particular attention.
in writing. - (DE) I would like to take the opportunity afforded by this explanation of vote to express my warm thanks to the rapporteur, Ana Maria Gomes.
I think it is very important that we proceed in this House with as much agreement as possible and do not needlessly quarrel over details we do not have the power to establish.
Furthermore, the negotiation agenda offers scope for expanding the environmental themes during the Fifth Ministerial Conference.
Mr Poettering promised the support of the Group of the European People’s Party.
The idea was to set clear targets for the EU and Member States, clear deadlines and follow it up.
So what I want to make clear is that you do not have to strain or stretch your imagination, let alone strain or stretch the Treaties which determine our activities, to see the absolutely clear roles that can be played by the Commission and by Parliament.
Furthermore, during its mandate, all of the members of the Council will be subject to scrutiny and also, as has been said, it will be possible to suspend them.
Only a mother can provide the kind of love that is essential for a child to develop properly.
When the European Parliament, that so frequently insists on workers' rights and proper social protection, is building a hemicycle, it should make sure that the contracts concerning those employed in the buildings should provide for full social protection and full payment.
Regarding humanitarian aid work, Mrs Bonino made a point of stressing how its implementation was being baulked at present by security problems and administrative difficulties.
I would simply like to explain that I think Amendments Nos 4 and 5 are acceptable, one because it refers back to Article 366a, the Mauritius resolution.
The Commission certainly does that: that is why we are going to court.
The Pact is particularly harmful to the large European economies, whose economic activity depends more on internal stimulation than that of the small countries, who depend more on external demand.
I shall therefore be debating, discussing and defining and also listening to individual countries and regional organisations in order to try – as I had promised in the general development policy statement – to help our partners to develop or to propose coherent programmes that are genuinely convergent.
In paragraph 3, the first sentence should be deleted, the rest remaining unchanged: 'Recalls that any redeployment that would lead...' and so on.
As well as this general objective, the specific working programme of the Presidency for enlargement, which was presented to the Council last January, included a whole series of related tasks.
I shall therefore be listening to Member States and I have decided to follow closely the proceedings of the Council working group.
That is why we need Article 100a as the legislative basis.
A key feature of the latter is the ability to react in a flexible manner to changing market conditions, particularly with regard to new competitive challenges.
A second aspect is the protection of EU maritime routes, which is in the European Union's own interests and those of its citizens.
Mr Rømer made no mention of the availability of the expert report.
It also enhances its competitiveness whilst not limiting provisions derived from the specific circumstances of a particular country.
We do not recognise Taiwan as a separate sovereign nation but rather as a separate customs territory with which we have had increasingly intense economic and commercial links.
The programme known as the ‘Hague Programme’ has financial implications.
Our resolution mentions the figures, which were recalled by the previous speakers.
We are fully committed to achieving simplification and adhering to the simplification principles as stated in your report: simplicity, transparency, legal certainty, consistency, excellence and, as Mr Audy said, a more trust-based approach towards our research institutions is, of course, an important guideline for managing the activities.
(PT) I should also like to express the extreme concern that the agricultural sector in the Azores, my region, has about the current situation.
Most recently, we have also enacted the Information and Consultation Directive.
There is increasing evidence of victims suffering from extreme burns, and aid agencies report that the population is suffering from acute shortages of food, fuel and medicine, not to mention the destruction of houses and infrastructure.
More bicycles could be provided for the employees and Members of Parliament here in Strasbourg instead.
The proposal provides for the reallocation of commitment appropriations to the value of EUR 137 million, 30 million of which is for Turkey, largely for relief action in the form of temporary accommodation now that winter is on its way, emergency aid in other words.
Do we want to continue sending our ships for irresponsible scrapping on Indian beaches when we have finished with them?
So, although the report has serious shortcomings, our group has chosen to take advantage of the opportunity to further the adoption of so favourable a text for the countryside and fisheries-dependent regions and, therefore, French interests as a whole.
The IEA proceeds by unanimity.
I say this with some sadness because I acknowledge what everyone here, including the two Commissioners, has done.
It does not seem logical to strengthen the Association Agreement without strengthening the South-South dialogue. Closed border situations in diplomatic relations cannot continue.
One of the key issues the European Union should raise is Christians' right to freedom of religion.
The Union, in particular, has continually expressed its deep concern regarding the situation of individuals who have been persecuted or stripped of their fundamental rights for having openly practised their faith, no matter, moreover, what their religion or belief.
And I also commend, in that regard, the harsher position that SFOR in particular has already taken in respect of the protection of the media and of the radio and television stations in that area of the Serb Republic.
There is a need for comprehensive enquiries and surveys in the 15 – soon to be 25 – Member States if we are to have an exact picture of the situation that makes comparison possible.
It is in that perspective that I shall ask Parliament to reject Amendment No 2 to my report, which seeks a doubling of the funding, if possible.
We have known since the Delors White Paper that this kind of tax policy is also very beneficial to employment.
First of all, the set targets are too ambitious and could be counterproductive.
Mr Hannes Swoboda has an excellent understanding of the complexities of the Western Balkan region.
The first is that the Commission proposal constitutes a coherent framework for the amendments to the sixth Value Added Tax Directive, which were proposed all of three years ago.
In the 1970s and 1980s we allowed runaway inflation. In the 1970s and 1980s we allowed State indebtness to keep on rising.
We want better regulation, and we Members of Parliament should be setting a good example.
I support all of this.
From this viewpoint, we would expect the Council and particularly the Finnish Presidency, which is generally attuned to these issues, to intervene in some way with the United States.
However, the Commission can agree to the addition of information concerning the country of origin of honey from third countries.
regrets that the justification of the proposal to set up a PNR data system in the EU has left so many legal uncertainties with respect to compatibility with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR);
These distortions, in turn, have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and therefore run contrary to the interests of the public.
We must see safeguarding measures brought in to prevent a flood of cheap imports from damaging our own industry.
   Thank you very much, Commissioner Fischler.
I hope that the ambition shown by the Irish presidency, culminating in the draft treaty, can now be fulfilled in time for the Amsterdam Summit.
It is calling for industrial mergers that would not be approved in the civil sector.
(PT) Mr President, fundamental rights are the very backbone of all of the EU's political action.
   .– I entirely endorse the Casaca report, which states that, at the time that Parliament gave discharge in respect of the budget for the 2001 financial year, it had not been made aware of certain important items of information, particularly on the Eurostat affair.
We are to assess the credibility of future scenarios which involve actually diverting the Gulf Stream and perhaps encountering a new ice age.
That is the maximum that can be saved.
The Stockholm Summit was the first summit specifically dedicated to assessing our progress and to setting the priorities for the next 12 months.
As part of the cooperation with central Asia, the instrument must not focus solely on EU access to the gas reserves there.
That is why the deception that has occurred is so deplorable.
I am also grateful to the presidency for being equally forthright about the resumption of the human rights dialogue.
I agree on supporting the Commission's second Auto-Oil programme, which must serve as a basis for establishing limits for fuel emissions for the year 2000. However, I think that car drivers in most European countries already do enough via the high rates of taxation on using their vehicles, and we must stop once and for all increasing taxes or constantly inventing claimed new ecological costs for cars.
It was set up specifically to resolve trade problems, and we must give it a chance to do so.
That is the nice part of the story.
I wish to say one last thing about the role of Parliament and our relationship with the Commission and with the Council.
Finally, there is also a need to safeguard the principle of hearing defendants in cases involving the revocation of a suspended sentence or the imposition of a conditional sentence.
It is altogether alarming to witness these ‘European’ elected representatives compromise themselves by telling lies, acting disgracefully and giving in.
These demands can be succinctly summarised: children are no less deserving of protection because their home country denies them the necessary protection, and there is all the more reason not to turn a blind eye to incidents within the European Union.
What hypocrisy and what lies!
The ball, Mr Barroso, is now in your court.
Mr President, the procedure we are dealing with, the control of a programme throughout its execution, is normal in any Parliament.
These measures must not put women at a disadvantage in the labour market or be detrimental to the directives on equal treatment for women and men.
My group has also presented this request to you in writing.
We cannot therefore follow Mr Lehne in his amendments on accountants and auditors.
The Slovenian Presidency is relying on your cooperation to make progress in this dossier.
On the Bakun hydroelectric power station in East Malaysia, Madam President.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child states that, for the harmonious development of personality, children need to grow up in a family environment based on happiness, love and understanding.
As for the Stability and Growth Pact, we welcome the fact that one of the Luxembourg Presidency’s priorities is to ensure that multilateral budgetary monitoring will make a greater contribution to a strong, healthy and successful economic and monetary Union.
I should like to highlight the need to develop a European strategy aimed at identifying and resolving issues relating to soil degradation.
In conclusion, I sincerely hope that it will be possible to reach a political agreement in the Council as far as sanctions are concerned.
It is also important to keep records and ensure transparency in relation to the activities that take place and of course, with my experience as a Greek MEP and with the widespread disappointment I note in many who have proposed various projects for programmes which subsequently fail because of inadequate funding, I too would like to say that it is very important to support more of these operators and, especially, to do what we can to relieve them of the burden of strict bureaucratic control by the European Union, though this does not mean that there will be a lack of transparency and financial monitoring.
We are wasting less of our energies in scoring points against each other and more on focussing on how to serve our citizens - and always putting the emphasis on the citizens.
Mr President, you have been wrongly informed.
Israel's third enemy is certainly the refusal hitherto of many countries to recognise its existence or to maintain appropriate relations with the country.
In my opinion, an adjustment period is a better way to guarantee flexibility than an opt-out.
In my opinion, we should bear this aspect in mind when debating the establishment of our common foreign policy on energy.
The two most awkward issues for the treaty are the emission reduction targets of different countries and how the industrialised countries will contribute to the financing of investments in climate mitigation in the developing countries.
But Macedonia has a democracy, democratic potential, and the European Union in particular will help the Albanian minority, which is a large minority in Macedonia, to develop.
The latter concerns thousands of 'living beings' submitted to experiments every year.
Finally, the third group involved amendments to the directive's annexes.
Unfortunately, it is widespread among all social classes and within different ideological groups: it is the scourge of almost all of Europe's cities - the model cities and those with more rundown districts.
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, the ECR Group fully supports Icelandic accession to the European Union, although the decision is firmly a matter for Icelanders alone in a referendum.
Madam President, the Council is aware of the events brought up by the Member of Parliament.
I think it important not simply to dismiss this view, which only six out of twenty-five countries are said to have supported, for the countries concerned are those that make major net contributions.
You will be aware that every Member has the right to work with at least one member of parliamentary staff in his group in his mother tongue.
It emphasised, however, the importance of establishing a more favourable climate to allow the NGOs, United Nations and International Committee of the Red Cross to work effectively.
We all know that we need to promote training so that people can adapt to all the changing situations in employment and can recycle themselves and find new kinds of work.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I wish to begin by thanking Parliament for its efforts on this report and, of course, especially the rapporteur Mr Mulder and the members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
In this area too, however, the Member States need to be able, if they so wish, to legislate in such a way that there are regulations governing child pornography and copyright.
The impact on infrastructure has been significant, with many roads waterlogged for weeks afterwards and some that have totally disappeared.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
However, the separation of the document still does not mean the actual separation of these problems.
Ladies and gentlemen, all these provisions should also apply to the candidate countries and to all countries trading with the European Union.
The mistake lies in focusing too much upon the budget deficit. Instead, the focus should be on the debt ratio.
Up to 23% of its territory was contaminated; about 2 million people - including 500 000 children - live in the radioactively contaminated areas.
As regards financing I am pleased that it was possible to get the United States to accept what everyone else agreed to in December last year in the WTO on TRIPs and the use of generic medicines.
Putting itself in charge of what children eat at school is the first major step in that process.
I would also like to remind you about the vital concept of location advantages.
This Parliament must restructure its mode of operation to reflect the changed working conditions.
Amongst other forecasts, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas is anticipating an increase of between 4.8% and 5.5% in the Philippines' GDP.
In the Miller report, my group urges that no final decisions should yet be taken, about this new directive among other things, until such time as the discussion about the legal framework for services of general interest is complete.
(PT) (inaudible) ... the Council's reluctance to give Europol, Eurojust, the Counter-Terrorism Coordinator and the SitCen any institutional, legal or financial muscle, which could transform ad hoc links into a genuine strategic cooperation against terrorism.
It is our duty to take all possible steps, not only to enable permanent monitoring of the situation in the North Caucasus, but also to take action intended to guarantee the rule of law and support for civil and democratic initiatives and to bring an end to the lawlessness in the region.
Five of the nine people for whose disappearance the IRA claims responsibility remain unaccounted for.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I too would like to be feeling happy and optimistic today as a result of this legislative progress and to congratulate the Commissioner and my fellow Members, rapporteurs and non-rapporteurs, and even myself, but as a citizen from Galicia and given that these legislative proposals result – as we have heard here over and over again – from the disaster, please allow me to make a different – although I hope complementary – point.
Please allow me, Mr President, to refer to overcoming the budgetary conflict.
   – Mr President, I should like to request an addendum to Amendment 5, the correct amendment tabled by Mr Lambrinidis.
As we know, the devil is in the detail, so we would like to know the following, Commissioner: what are the specific subjects of the negotiations when it comes to public invitations to tender in the services sector or in connection with labour migration?
In addition, we have to ensure, as soon as they are legally binding, that the authorities in the 15 Member States apply these provisions in exactly the same way, because that is the first and most important precondition for success.
Instead of just doing this, let us also make their lives easier by preventing unnecessary administrative burdens that will dissuade them from participating.
We need to have a senior Vice-President of the Commission responsible for this area of work.
The external funding that might be needed to cover the net cost of the universal service, and hence the question of affordable rates, has also been satisfactorily regulated.
The European Union's access to the Black Sea is important and, for this reason, I believe that, for the mobility of passengers and goods, it is also important to develop the railway.
(The sitting was suspended at 10.40 a.m. for the vote and resumed at 11 a.m.)
Unfortunately, however, it is unlikely that all of the European Parliament's proposals will be accepted.
I share this view and believe that these measures can be taken by each country which has introduced the euro without any contribution from the EU budget.
It also contributes to the achievement of the Lisbon agenda.
(FR) Mr President, as a non-attached Member I speak, of course, on my own behalf, but also on behalf of some of my colleagues, not my Dutch colleagues from the PVV, but my colleagues from the Front National, from the Bulgarian Ataka party, from the Austrian FPÖ party, from the British National Party, from the Hungarian Jobbik party and from the Flemish Vlaams Belang party.
The next item is the joint debate on the following draft resolutions:
Turkey is a candidate country that will be treated in exactly the same way as the other candidate countries.
We do not agree that the open coordination method needs to be extended to all areas of social policy.
The ICES verdict on the Baltic is possibly a little more difficult to interpret, but it seems as though they are looking to start out from the most optimistic point of view regarding, for example, illicit fishing.
And in my view the President's reaction is a slap in the face for those who are campaigning for human rights.
Technical contacts at different levels with Israel took place immediately after the communication.
Mr President, last year Parliament adopted a new version of our Rules of Procedure.
Everyone in Parliament is delighted that Malta has decided to reapply, and I think that politically speaking it is important for the consolidation of the Barcelona process that the Mediterranean presence in the European Union should be a little larger.
It may indeed be that that time will come sooner than we think.
It is precisely in this respect that we ask the Commission and the rapporteur to clarify Article 3(2), which does not make it clear whether patents can be granted for genes, which in my opinion are the subject of discovery and not invention.
Key words are thus advice, methodology, procedures, guidelines, training, etc.
The amendments adopted by the committee improve the common position on a range of points, and I am pleased about the support which many have said they will give.
Really, 15 ministers of agriculture should be present at these decisive debates, not just one who has to act as the whipping boy for the rest.
Most importantly, in the Structural Fund Regulation, we have finally been able to introduce sustainable development as the central objective.
As Mrs Ghilardotti said, in a way, it is all about mutual confidence between employers and employees.
However, such a place needs the full participation of all the citizens.
Today everything has been rounded down to 1, even though thousandths could potentially show that some resistance has taken place.
Among other things, there are problems with obtaining humanitarian aid such as medicine, drinking water and food.
Even though we are going to vote for the report we would like to declare our scepticism as regards the large-scale purchase of fish quotas by the EU.
Depositing is fundamental for the European system.
The report advocates the adoption by the multinational enterprises of the best practice for editorial and journalistic freedom in each country where they operate.
The European Union is, as we all know, the largest source of development aid in the world; it gets visible results and raises genuine expectations in many who courageously and persistently fight and hope for the consolidation in their countries of democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
In the spirit of the World Cup, I would say that, after years of own goals and defensive play, the team has rediscovered its form.
Conversely, the opinions expressed by individuals engage these individuals, and only them. They do not engage a country, a people, a religion and we should not allow others to pretend that they do.
Before your election as President, you were well known as the architect of the Indian space and atomic energy programme, and you enjoy international renown as one of India's most important scientists.
The cleared oil is being stored somewhere but is yet to be processed.
Point number 3 concerns really effective disciplinary procedures.
   Mr President, I love the sea and swimming and I am therefore interested for personal reasons in the seas and waters of Europe being as clean as possible.
Such a Christian cross has, obviously, no place as a symbol of our European Parliament, and I hope, Madam President, that no such incident will occur again.
Subject: Local elections in Albania
Financial and economic situation in Moldova (debate)
I would like to emphasise that these are the first actions to be coordinated by the Frontex Agency, that is by Europe.
In recent months, Austria has seen some very important events, such as a major conference on the subject of ‘Islam in a pluralist society’, attended by large numbers of religious and political leaders: the President of Afghanistan, the President of Iraq, the former President of Iran, religious dignitaries from all religious communities.
Overall, the Commission wishes to amend the existing cod recovery plan in order to make it more complete, updated to recent developments, simpler, more efficient and easier to implement, monitor and control.
I am interested to see how far you will take this point.
If this absolute ban on deterioration were brought in in this area, these rules would make for enormous problems in agriculture and industry within a short period of time.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as regards the purpose of the report, which is to include European aviation activities in the scheme for emission allowance trading, a number of questions arise.
It is imperative that we guarantee the human factor, and the safety of employees is closely connected to this and has to be a priority during waste storage.
The rapporteur knows, as everybody does, that 'financial assistance' to companies, innovative or not, does not create jobs.
I would like to talk about something not on the programme for Gothenburg and that is one of the "E' s" - Employment - which was tackled at the Stockholm Summit in March, but which was supplemented in the social area this week with a hat trick of successes at the last moment.
This is normal and necessary to ensure the audit process works well and that all findings in the audit process are on a solid basis.
The majority of the delegations however feel that in the first instance it should be a voluntary system that is attractive to farmers, so that we can get as many as possible to use the scheme.
I am glad the EU signalled that it was prepared to move closer to the G20 position, particularly by lowering domestic support, but there are still loopholes in the EU offer that would undermine the potential of a true development deal.
The Council's agreement contains an opt-out option, which allows the social partners to deviate from the weekly working hours laid down in the directive.
A European programme using the initiatives devised by several Member States would be welcomed and extremely useful. It could help make the staple diet in the European Union healthier.
Libraries also have to move with the times.
We do not share the view that the common transport policy is under-financed and that the EU should invest further resources in this area.
Policy must be appropriate even in times of crisis.
Following the entry into force of the revised Toys Safety Directive, the Commission will monitor closely all developments relating to its implementation in order to assess whether its provides for an adequate level of toy safety, notably as concerns the application of the conformity assessment procedures as laid down in Chapter IV.
I think this should, at last, be said very clearly and directly.
Is it only the common currency and common market?
This Agreement costs a total of 40 million ECU, which is a considerable increase over the previous Agreement, which cost only 18.5 million ECU.
Management companies which are denied access to a Member State would need to re-incorporate as a different legal entity in order to be permitted in another Member State.
It will thus be a failure both economically and in terms of public health.
All these factors will accelerate warming. We can control emissions but we cannot control these factors.
I do not wish to see the euro zone in prolonged difficulty, but the ECR cannot support EU legislation that transfers any further powers away from national governments who are currently outside of that euro zone.
So once again my thanks to the rapporteur.
As a result, such a comparison refers only to knowledge, the capacity to understand, and the practical application of knowledge and skills.
Lastly, allow me to refer to the establishment of new posts.
I can add a fourth.
However, there also needs to be European added value in the response.
But efficiency or greater competitiveness is also an instrument for achieving better and higher aims.
It is a tribute to James that there are people across the European Union who now live because of his generosity.
That is why it should be incorporated into the Directive.
This is why the Group Union for Europe will vote in favour of Mr Simpson's draft recommendation.
It is hard for ordinary people to see the positive work of the EU in everyday life.
Only within the last couple of months scientists in Germany have discovered a strange strain in salmon.
If we have approved some EUR 250 million a year for the CFSP from 2007 to 2013, the shortfall in funding will already be apparent.
Finally, let us not forget that the Agency's action complements that of the Member States.
Mr President, I am not sure if the interpretation missed it. I heard paragraphs 5 and 16; paragraph 8 also states that only the children of 'legal' migrants would receive education.
The Council of Ministers and the Commission should speed up the procedures to complete the action plan for Lebanon within the framework of the European neighbourhood strategy, just as they should oppose the connection being attempted between the signature of the association agreement with Syria and prior completion of the withdrawal of the Syrian army.
As I have already stated, the review was necessary for two primary reasons.
We have devoted a great deal of attention to this matter in all contacts with the United States and in our preparations for the summit.
I want also to thank the Commissioner.
I know we should not talk about the end of the new parliamentary term on the first day.
In today's vote, at first reading, the European Parliament approved a range of amendments to the European Commission proposal that will now be negotiated with the Council.
Furthermore, I think that the exchange of experiences first-hand between volunteer organisations from the most diverse corners of the European Union has a major impact, given that the values motivating them all are the same.
Firstly, there are plans to establish a system whereby fishing boats would submit a detailed tuna fishing plan, to ensure greater control.
It is in everybody's interest to have a soft landing in order to avoid disturbances to the sector.
I also broadly agree that biogas is one of the best ways of processing biomass in Europe.
I think that we leave these budgetary negotiations a stronger Parliament, in my view a very important point.
I am not making a criticism.
I think that help from outside is also necessary, probably from the area of taxation, in order to develop an adequate and above all a continual flow of secondary raw materials for the manufacturing industry.
In order for this to happen, the Ethiopian authorities must show the world that they are willing to resolve the current crisis.
The issues that ran aground in Nice are the same issues that had previously floundered in Amsterdam, and many of them have been on hold since Maastricht.
Peace itself is at stake, at both a social and international level.
I also appreciate the fact that the report is calling on the European Union to reaffirm and defend vigorously the principles of the universality, indivisibility and independence of human rights.
It is on these issues that the western democracies must fight back.
This issue is of serious concern to us, since the Commissioner for Budgets has repeated that she intends to take EUR 300 million away from sugar to send to Kosovo.
The more citizens of the Union are involved in this process of growing together, the more successful it will be.
These inventories and projections must be reported to the Commission each year.
I believe the fragmentation of legal rules acts as a deterrent both to companies and consumers from buying or selling across borders.
Yet this museum is the Slovenian minority's only centre of cultural life in Hungary and has received only EUR 16 000 in funding.
Yet a look at these work programmes, including the one for 2008, just leaves us with long faces.
I will quote a section of this manifesto which, in my opinion, sums up the will which we have to apply to this process.
I welcome the proposed measures to promote multilingualism in Europe.
Finally, I would ask you to consider the following, and I am addressing this to my colleagues in the Greens and in the left-wing Groups of this House, who have the somewhat remarkable impression that through the Rules of Procedure you can change the free mandate into an imperative mandate with a duty to be present for all votes.
(NL) Madam President, for years, many Member States operated a budgetary policy that seemed just too good to be true.
The report's conclusion is also sound: we cannot conceive of reducing the CAP budget.
(Loud applause) (The formal sitting was closed at 12.40 p.m.)
   .
We here have forgotten everything.
Now some people are complaining that Ireland was pressurised.
Mr President, on behalf of the Social-Democratic Group I should like to say about the wonderful country and remarkable people of Guatemala that they have of course been through a very dark period, in which the vast majority of the population have in fact as indigenos been ruled and dominated by a minority of whites.
In the future, we want to have that in an objective manner.
The latter include a shortage of suitable land, high prices, production limits, lack of start-up capital for investment, expensive loans and strict agri-environmental requirements.
Nevertheless, this basic value in the market economy has often been subject to the ideologies of bureaucrats and economists lacking in any political responsibility, to the extent that, in the real economy, they have been responsible for delaying the recovery of competitiveness in entire regions of the European Union.
I hope that there is no different intention on the part of the Danish presidency and I am expecting to hear confirmation in the second speech by the Danish Prime Minister, that, although we want a political solution and will try for one, it will not be a pre-condition for the accession of Cyprus.
I was involved in the beginning of the preparatory work group.
The Council welcomes this appropriation but believes that the overall appropriations are inadequate.
He referred to US legislation and to the mandatory obligation to apply rules like those in the highway code.
The Commission's proposal to support ACP producers paves the way for changes in production, and there must be due regard for the environment, but that is not specific enough.
I trust the Georgian authorities will take strong action against these acts of violence that are damaging Georgia's reputation on the international scene.
A number of applicant countries, for example Poland with its recent discussion document on the eastern dimension, have made very sensible and thoughtful proposals.
(PT) There is no question that the current situation in many Latin American countries make a clear explanation of the true intentions of the Association Agreements promoted by the EU rather contentious.
It is pro-free trade, but its use of the trade defence instrument is seen by many as unreasonable on certain issues.
Subject: Overlapping of European Parliament part­sessions and meetings of the Council of Ministers Of the 41 meetings of the Council of Ministers scheduled between September and December 1999, 18 took place or will take place when Parliament is holding plenary sessions in Strasbourg or Brussels.
(FR) Madam President, I would like to welcome the discussion and the adoption of this European private company statute and I would like in particular to praise our rapporteur, Mr Lehne.
If its aim were to improve the standard of living of workers, increase their purchasing power and guarantee safe jobs, it would support public-sector and social investment and equal opportunities, combat all forms of discrimination in connection with access to employment and jobs and act as a barrier to policies based on privatisation, low wages and lack of social protection, flexible and temporary work and the constant exclusion of women, the young and people with special needs from the job market.
In my view, it is a positive sign that the final declaration acknowledges the right of Palestinians to their own land and that, at the same time, we reject any equation of Zionists with racists, in the same way as in Durban.
The idea is that companies and other actors throughout the EU must be subject to the same legislation when it comes to their obligations to prevent, attend to and pay for the environmental damage for which they are responsible.
European funds must not be tied to national funds.
in writing. - (FR) At a time when Europe is faced with a major economic crisis, adopting this report will make it possible to revitalise the services sector by asking Member States to accept a reduced rate of VAT of 5% on labour-intensive services and locally supplied services.
Do you not think that the heads of government are trying - and more' s the pity - to assume responsibility for every detail, undermining the authority of their own work and the work of the European Council in the process?
Secondly, I do not think it professional either to compare the European Union with the Soviet Union, as Mr Soini did.
Through ownership and participation, employees become co-workers and co-workers become sharers in ownership and management.
In Monterrey, the World Bank, IMF and WTO top management were in fact the ones pushing and really arguing that the global distortion of agricultural policies in the rich world is a core problem.
We have already done all of this.
For the substances about which we have sufficient information a detailed proposal should be drawn up regarding when limit values should be set, and for those substances which require more research, this research should be carried out and targets should be set for the schedule of the research.
In the context of that communication, we will want to follow the point Mr Väyrynen made so ably about both financial instruments and the importance of the northern dimension and its various component parts in any serious neighbourhood policy.
That is why I support the rapporteur in his request that any policy should be based on universal values accorded to everyone.
We are all in favour of giving the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA), the new institution, an important role during the further development of policy in this field, including controls and suchlike.
I do not in fact see this as a major problem in practice, because the ethics committee will not normally be operating in a political vacuum.
The problems of the latest developments on the Internet were scarcely considered, which is why I abstained from voting.
This brings me to probably the most politically sensitive issue.
One of the amendments in the budget this year has details on that.
Finally, it is not for Parliament but for the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be.
Why?
Even in countries where anti-retroviral treatment options are severely limited, important contributions to health can be achieved through the diagnosis and treatment of sexually transmitted diseases, tuberculosis and other opportunistic infections among HIV-infected persons.
If this requires us to make changes to legislation or to national rules with regard to the support given to football clubs, then so be it.
A very serious attempt was made to attain the maximum level of commitments and settlements, while keeping close to the ceilings allowed by the multiannual financial framework.
Following the referral by the ?U to the European Court and, essentially, the conviction of the eight Member States who have signed 'open skies' type bilateral air service agreements with the USA, the ?U has found a first class opportunity to force the Member States to consent to its intervention and participation in what was hitherto the strictly national matter of negotiating and concluding or renegotiating existing bilateral air service agreements.
I should like to mention two more things.
We all need, now and always, training establishments that are up-to-date and which, above all, reflect regional needs: this too, I am certain, is a vital ingredient for the growth of our regions.
I feel it appropriate to take him back to the basics of cohesion. The latter is a long-standing principle.
This will secure jobs, particularly in small- and micro-sized enterprises, and bring whole sectors out of the underground economy and transform them into a regulated economic activity.
(Parliament approved the Minutes)
Our institutions are increasingly assuming full responsibility for consistent implementation of the Constitutional Charter.
Because the world is becoming ever more sophisticated, many organised crime syndicates can take advantage of legal loopholes and differences between legislation in the Member States to exploit anomalies between the various systems.
What is demanded of us is to talk less about transparency and democracy, and do more about them!
This motion for urgency tabled by the Council or the presidency is therefore premature and we propose therefore that it be rejected for the time being.
Especially in the light of new developments in the Middle East it is important that we resolutely support a two-State solution - Israel within secure borders and a Palestinian State within secure borders.
The Budapest solution proposed by the Prime Minister of Hungary, Ferenc Gyurcsány, is working towards the same objective.
But what we want is actually a breakthrough to sustainability in production, and that is why five years would be better in our view.
   . The European Union is abiding by the rules of the WTO, which set out quite clearly what should be done at this particular stage.
On the possibility of financing WADA, I should like to point out that we finance WADA on a case-by-case basis through projects.
When we go into conciliation - as I expect we will because we will have the votes for many of these amendments in the House - we are going to have to think very carefully about whether we continue to adopt this type of approach and this type of legislation.
Another thing is to ask what the EU will do now.
Terrorism and insecurity remain the biggest obstacles to political progress and reconstruction.
The second very important thing you said was that we must not isolate Belarusian society.
(Applause)
As early as 1999, the Commission equipped itself with rules on this issue.
I believe that the current arrangements enshrined in the Treaty of Maastricht still hold.
Then, of course, there is the new Statute for Members, a concoction by Eurofanatics, intended to cut even more firmly through the bond between Members of Parliament and the people who they represent, which will of course all cost a great deal, will it not?
They naturally take into account the country in question, the type of relationship that we have with that country, technical security issues and so on.
   . – Mr Cox, ladies and gentlemen, today is a solemn occasion for me because it is my last chance to address you, as in just over a month the European electorate will be renewing this Parliament’s democratic mandate.
The overall aim of such an initiative will be to ensure the more transparent and efficient cross-border management of collective rights in Europe.
The European Union is prepared in this context to do whatever it can to guarantee that the efforts being made will be successful.
I would also like to draw attention to the Framework Decision on combating certain forms of expression of racism and xenophobia, which aims at criminalising intentional conduct, such as incitement to violence or hatred towards a group of people or against a person belonging to that group.
Only once ÍÁÔÏ leaves the area will the people there be able to foster some hope of living in peace.
We clearly reaffirmed that democratic practices must be respected and that the elections must be free and fair.
This does not mean that the Commission should not examine these allegations closely.
I accept that a brickie's cleavage is not a pretty sight, but we have no business in this House making rules about it.
Nigeria's future government will have numerous challenges to face; one fundamental area of concern will be the need to monitor efficiently the resources allocated to the federal states, and another will be the continuing insecurity in the Niger Delta.
I know that the Prime Minister has to leave shortly to go to New York for further preparations for next week's summit.
The agreement now approved has in itself some good aspects; it will bring the people of Morocco closer to Europe and will have the effect of bringing Europe closer to the people of Morocco.
We need that flexibility in the budget.
This enables me to approach you with themes of a more general nature and to talk about things which, at first sight, are possibly not as dramatic as the solutions to today's economic crisis, the Russia-Ukraine gas conflict or the situation in Gaza.
I am sorry, because Mrs Thyssen has quite rightly dealt with a good many other aspects in her report, and I suggest that we continue this dialogue with yourself and the other members of the committee who are particularly interested.
Berlin - and this must be emphasised - demonstrated more impressively perhaps than any European Council meeting before it that the European Union is capable of action.
But I will not; I will simply pocket the suggestion and pass it on.
I voted in favour of this report because export credits should be subjected to repayment requirements within a certain time limit and that a minimum premium rate should be charged to cover the risk of non-payment.
It is necessary therefore for everyone to accept it, even though, I repeat, voting conditions were not satisfactory.
The implication in the rapporteur's report that this regulation may have been delayed because it was being used as a bargaining chip is very worrying.
I would like to make a very specific comment on debt: it is true that the European Union has made a fundamental effort in relation to the cancelling of ACP countries' debts.
That obviously violates the Treaty right away.
Our group supports the rapporteur's initiative for a compromise - the establishment of the technical committee for the ecolabel under the responsibility of the Commission.
But I am taking the floor as someone who until last April was a very ordinary civil servant in the German diplomatic service, and so people might perhaps think that I would be certain to be relatively sceptical about an approach of this kind because it will surely tend to erode the powers of national colleagues.
This report gives the EU concrete means for helping its citizens.
However, having to draw up the accounts with the legitimate expectations of supporters worldwide, the fairest and most effective position seems to us to be that of ensuring the allocation of quotas assigned to the national federations and to the non-profit-making youth sports associations, in addition to direct sales.
Of course, there are also the numerous structural measures, but I do not wish to dwell too much on those: the Single European Sky that is under construction, and also the railways, for example.
Accordingly, in a vote on a proposal tabled by the PPE Group, the Agriculture Committee rejected both proposals by a majority.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I think this is insufficient. If, as you said, the Saharawis have released 100 Moroccan prisoners but the Moroccans have imprisoned three Saharawis in terrible conditions, simply appealing for respect for human rights is not enough.
What can be the reason for such a discrepancy between the official statistics and the observations of medical practitioners?
in writing. - (PL) I voted in favour of adoption of the report by Mrs Aubert on the proposal for a Council regulation establishing a Community system to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unregulated and unreported fishing - C6-0454/2007 -.
I feel that it should also facilitate synergies with other EU policies such as trans-European transport networks, the common fisheries policy, climate and environment actions, the research and development framework programme, energy policy, etc. It is important to improve accessibility in Atlantic maritime regions and increase movement of persons, goods and services in these regions in order to achieve the aims of the internal market and the objective of cohesion policy, especially by the development of short sea shipping and the highways of the sea.
Mr President, Mr Santer, I too am delighted to have this opportunity to welcome the Taoiseach here today. I also want to compliment you, Taoiseach, on your contribution.
We have one tool in our hands, and that is lawmaking.
Of course, congratulations also go to the Commissioner, Mrs Diamantopoulou, who has courageously speeded up the insurance initiative.
I have one very quick question: would Commissioner Füle mind giving us a timetable for Montenegro's future accession to the European Union?
   We now come to the decision on urgent procedure:
How can we negotiate an agreement with the Palestinians, Egypt and Israel to change this situation?
As I said in my introductory remarks, we believe that we must remain engaged with TACIS programmes, which deal essentially with democratic and economic reforms, these being at the root of the problems that have arisen.
In addition, enlargement gives Europe an even greater cultural dimension, together with diversity.
Our Union is not, and must never become, an inward looking one.
That is not what we want, but there is room for improvement in the way in which we organise bureaucracy today, and I would add that, from the perspective of Europe's citizens, improvements are needed on that front.
On the one hand, we have a Draft Supplementary and Amending Budget.
It will now be up to the fifteen heads of government to come up with the goods.
I agree with the rapporteur that the linguistic and cultural heterogeneity of the EU represents an enormous competitive advantage and that we clearly have to support programmes for language teaching and school cultural exchanges.
As regards the specific case of Temelin, the Commission does not have sufficient information on the current state of progress.
That is why we had a majority to have it on at that time.
In fact, that should really have been a procedural motion.
I do not actually believe in the virtues of private storage for managing production with a structural surplus.
Now the other groups have also woken up to the fact and the serious flaw may hopefully be corrected.
The committee is also aware of the specific economic situation in that country.
Christians are currently persecuted in over 70 countries around the world.
I hope that we will be able to resolve these issues before a decision is taken.
These are measures for regulating the market, and they are very welcome, although unfortunately we cannot expect miracles in this area in the very short term.
It could perhaps be one of the two Member States with an opt-out.
There is still, Mr Santer, a very large majority of more than two thirds in this House in favour of bringing this job of integration, this European Union, to completion under your inspiring guidance and on the basis of your proposal.
Wednesday:
He has presented a remarkable report and drawn attention to the great potential of biotechnology.
I will simply draw Parliament's attention to the consequences of point 20 which attempts to legislate on the history of World War II.
It is also essential that greater resources be devoted to the Union for the Mediterranean, which will be the main issue in upcoming financial negotiations for 2014-2020.
It is indeed the case that even if the Commission presents the proposal on time, it will not be possible to debate it during this term. Mr Jarzembowski was quite right to point that out.
We need to emphasise the importance of organising the linguistic service and the employment of staff.
I wish the report had examined more the role of the European Central Bank as a possible supervisory body.
It is important that we support the continuation of the SAVE energy efficiency programme with a budget of ECU 120m for the period from 1996 to 2000.
I think that Vice-President Frattini did a good job as Commissioner and I hope that he will also help to deal with this situation in Italy.
Only in this way will the expansion of the European Union unleash unique opportunities for the unification of Europe and more quickly resolve the stresses of domestic policy in the Member States.
I merely wanted to protest that, while each working party and intergroup can meet here under sensible conditions, a committee discussing the sort of important matters that need to be dealt with this week, cannot!
Freedom is not something to be negotiated, it is a universal right for every human being.
Please allow me to make three further points.
I strongly believe that aid should no longer be limited to help, support or assistance.
The Commission acknowledges the importance of media pluralism and, in the context of its powers, pays great attention to issues of concentration and property.
Sellafield resolutions
Madam President, my answer to the first question is that we will, of course, be happy to take up any suggestions, including those being made in this sitting.
Here, normally in the European Parliament, between the Socialist and the Christian-Democrat groups we reach a point of compromise that reflects the political balance of forces in this institution.
As the barriers in the labour market are often imposed in response to certain political requirements of the day, I believe that one of the measures that could be discussed would be a review of the transition period system and mainly of the formula 2+3+2.
Mr President, here we are in the last furlong of a trotting race that is suddenly being taken at a gallop.
There is never anybody from the air traffic controllers in the airport to turn around and say that is not true.
Sadly, the EU has opted for a diverse policy, of enormous variations between fishing rights.
This is not just about the Community budget, but it does include it.
We would like the Stability Pact, which we have accepted for our Europe, also to be shaped to fit our small businesses, and then they too would be looking at a secure future.
The principle of non-discrimination has been accepted in relation to this matter and should appear in the treaty, which represents a step forward because, for me - and this is the position of the Commission - a central idea is that everything affecting citizenship - and citizenship is human rights - must be governed by non-discrimination.
That is still my objective.
I think one of the great strengths of the EU, and of the European Parliament, is that we all come together - now with 27 Member States - and are actually very different, in many ways: different backgrounds and cultures, and obviously different languages.
Claims that deliver what they promise are an important part of an honest, credible product.
Generally, they are offered work placements, which are often unpaid, exploiting young people and their need to find work.
It is the duty of the Member States to establish a register of wetlands following the principles set out in the Ramsar convention.
Mr President, may I thank you for your very wise interpretation of your new powers in allowing us to make explanations of vote even if we did not put our name down for this report?
It behoves us all - as MEPs and as citizens - to bring this to the attention of the public, who are so fearful right now.
What did we do when a tsunami claimed scores of victims?
Organised crime in the European Union has seen significant developments over the last decade, requiring action essentially in the areas of computer crime, crime involving trafficking in human beings, drugs and arms, terrorism, child pornography and money-laundering as well as corruption and fraud.
The continuing differences between protection systems covering citizens of the various Member States is strongly undermining the operation our internal market, which is assumed to have been unified by mere economic deregulation. These differences distort competition and causes ludicrous relocations within Europe.
The drugs problem must be tackled with a comprehensive approach, guaranteeing our efforts both in the context of prevention and also through medical treatment and social measures.
The Commission wishes to pay tribute to the efforts of the ambassador, Mr Ramaker, who proposed a text on 28 June allowing Member States for the first time to consider the conditions for an agreement.
I hope that the representatives of the Commission and of the Council will, in accordance with the Lisbon Strategy, support further development of this branch of the aviation industry, which is so progressive both in technical and technological terms.
There are some who talk as if the creation of a single currency is enough in itself to bring economic prosperity.
Mr President, I voted for the Schmid report, which is intended to prevent forgery of credit cards and other means of payment which do not involve filthy lucre.
The people on the spot know where the shoe pinches and how it can be made to fit.
Presumably if they saw a geological map of Europe, they would claim that Scotland was being merged with Austria because they both have granite, or that the different limestone areas were being merged into transnational regions.
The hope that the problems existing in the European Union could be resolved with the development concepts of the internal market, which were geared solely towards economic growth, remained unfulfilled, however.
In particular, with a view to the forthcoming Stockholm employment summit, I think we may have to develop some methods which might improve the evaluation of the goals gradually achieved, and emphasise the need to intervene forcefully and rapidly when those objectives are not achieved.
However, we have tried to concentrate and focus a little more in order to increase efficiency.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would ask you please not to interrupt the Commissioner.
We Europeans must engage in international politics, whether in the field of foreign policy, where we must work to prevent conflict, or in the sphere of internal security, to which you have referred, where we must play our part in a concerted effort to combat international crime.
So here we are today at stage two of Mr Corbett's efforts to groom Parliament still better as the lapdog of the politically correct Eurocrat caste.
This is important if we are to have studies of all types.
Nevertheless, at the same time, less desirable consequences have appeared, such as the increase in the number of times when some passengers, with a valid ticket, cannot board because more tickets have been sold than the number of seats available.
The rapporteur mentioned the need to control the export of arms to third countries, and I am thinking in particular of dictatorships.
Nevertheless, we are aware of the responsibility of the European Union regarding the least successful or those who need far more assistance in the current situation, and this subject will also figure on the agenda of a meeting of the ministers for development co-operation.
I welcome the adoption of this report, which proposes ways of making better use of European cultural resources.
If that trend now changes direction with the social impact assessment that we are agreeing on, then we will have made a great deal of progress.
When measures are introduced in the European Union - and I know that what I am going to say is out of fashion with many of my colleagues - much account is taken of the laws of the market and of competitiveness.
The Commission is extremely pleased to have the support of the European Parliament for its efforts to put an end to the transitional provisions limiting the mobility of workers from the new Member States.
The measures and policy intentions outlined in this programme are an important step in the right direction.
If the plenary goes along with the amendments tabled by the Group of the Party of European Socialists and others in preference to those of the Legal Affairs Committee, we will have environmental liability legislation that assigns the costs fairly and at the same time acts preventively.
This would mean that six representatives of the interested parties, four Commission officials and, from May of next year, twenty-five Council representatives would sit on the Board.
(Continuing protests)
Thursday:
It is also quite clear that we do not want to see a situation where young people might become overweight, causing severe problems later in life, not only for their own health but also for society.
Although the text in its current form is absolutely excellent, some clarification is needed.
   – Thank you Mr President, I would like to speak about the cruise liners sector, for which reference was made in the opinion of Margie Sudre on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development.
What, then, will be left for Europe in terms of competitiveness if we cannot compete in those areas?
The European Union welcomes the decision by the Democratic People' s Republic to resume its reporting under the UN Convention on Civil and Political Rights during the year 2000 and hopes that the country will now, on the basis of its own report, be able to enter into a useful and constructive dialogue with the UN Human Rights Committee
Madam President, the Protocol which will be put to the vote is a particularly important document.
Mr President, I wish to begin by congratulating Mr Grosch on a good result.
This entails giving strong financial support to the priority lines, whilst applying a 30% reserve to budget lines that seem unlikely to be used in full.
How does it account for the proposal to grant financial support via Interreg II C to certain Member States but to withhold it from Portugal?
For example, we were unable to accept additional exemptions for large combustion plants.
Having said that, by looking carefully and reading through all the paragraphs, those who have the courage to persevere will find that the important issues are all there, though widely dispersed amidst a mass of considerations, some general and others more practical.
Finally, it is also a matter for the other branch of the budgetary authority.
(Applause)
I agree with Mr Brinkhorst that action is needed.
And to ensure this economic balance in the forests we must have responsible hunting.
I have tabled amendments for which I seek support from colleagues.
They did not want to use their technology for this purpose whereas the Europeans did.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I must thank Parliament for instigating this debate on these future amendments.
I am in favour of tax incentives for rational energy consumption.
   The rules are the same for everybody, Mrs Muscardini.
There is, in fact, no common defence commitment. Rather, it is a question of operating outside the EU' s borders.
.
We cannot divide ourselves into left and right on such subjects, we cannot take a vote in which one side of the Chamber goes one way and the other side goes another.
On any of these issues we must be very careful that we do not come out in a rush of Christian frenzy, thinking that we are going to solve all of the problems of all of the crime in the European Union simply by setting up another institution or another office with more staff, and coordinating and harmonising more power into a central authority.
This procedure, it is clear, puts the President-elect of the Commission in an uncomfortable position.
Mass industrial suffering is not a legitimate business.
I strongly recommend that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs reinstate this process.
Having said that, I would also like to inform this Parliament that, to date, four opinions have been sent by national parliaments on the protection order: positive ones from the Italian, Greek and Portuguese parliaments and a negative opinion from the German Bundesrat arguing that the directive goes beyond the scope of Article 82, as it covers non-criminal measures and the prevention of crime.
It is essential to promote quality employment based on educating employees.
Amendments Nos 219, 221 and 222 in relation to the renewal of the mandates of the president of the Management Board and of the members of the Scientific Committee are not acceptable, because they are unnecessarily restrictive.
As the report requests, it will therefore be necessary to establish a legal framework and effective prevention, protection and victim support measures at European level.
Third, the European Parliament has extended the time-limit for placing GMOs on the market to 12 years, whereas the Commission itself only proposed a seven-year time-limit.
The Commission&#x02BC;s proposal for a Council Decision on the consultation of the European Central Bank by national authorities on draft legislative provisions in the monetary sphere is rejected in the Herman report as "an excessively decentralized conception of Economic and Monetary Union' .
Thanks to amendments from this House, which I wholeheartedly support, this information will have to be provided on a standardised information sheet, which will make it easier for consumers to assimilate the information.
However, I have been informed that because no one has moved an amendment to reject, I am obliged to take the amendments as proposed.
Secondly, aside from this mechanism, the suspension must also serve as a lever - or at least, I hope it will - to provide support, during the negotiations, for the other amendments to the regulation that are being proposed by the Commission, as well as those on the guarantees given in this instrument, among others.
The adoption of the euro should facilitate the convergence of countries' economies.
I make this point so that those who are new here today know that we have been talking about this for a very long time.
That is what would allow us to exit the crisis, to train workers to help them move towards the professions that have to be invented for tomorrow.
in writing. - Tax fraud and tax evasion result in an estimated EUR 200 billion being lost each year - money stolen from taxpayers in the rich world and the neediest in the developing world.
Mr President, if the Council is concerned about the collapse of e-commerce, financial scandals and the resulting deterioration of the situation, there is good reason to be!
Needless to say, if this is to succeed –and here we can count on the broad support of this Parliament – it does require commitment on the part of the Council, the Commission and the Member States.
The solution is not to turn away from the Union, but to embrace Europe even more.
At the same time, however, the living conditions in these buildings are less than suitable for modern circumstances, which is why many owners see cultural heritage as a burden rather than a source of joy and pride.
European integration has failed, so let us have more of it!
I believe that Parliament should approve Mrs Sudre's report for the reasons she has put forward.
I wonder if your services would drop a note to Air France asking them not to do this again.
It is quite ridiculous to claim that crime cannot be effectively combatted without frontier controls.
   .
Even since the fall of the Iron Curtain over 20 years ago, its behaviour towards some countries, particularly neighbours such as Georgia, certainly cannot be admired.
For some time now, the European Union has had the objective of entering into an interregional association agreement with Mercosur.
One or two years ago, Parliament adopted a report by Mrs Lööw which is extremely important in this context.
The report accepts that urgent conservation measures are required but that these must be balanced with actions to protect the economic and social interests of fisherman and ancillary workers.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, when we review the Greek Presidency we can say with complete justification that it is hard to see how a permanent Council President could have done better.
We propose a number of actions for the promotion of biotechnology development in Europe, and at the same time, further measures for responsible governance, to ensure that this development takes place in accordance with our societal values and needs.
It has been concluded from the consultation leading up to the proposal and from the deliberations in Council that there was little support for extending the scope of the directive to cover business-to-business unfair commercial practices.
It is very moving to hear the way Mr Colom i Naval and Mrs Stenzel have spoken.
Hence I join in questioning whether rural development funding should be linked to the common agricultural policy at all, as this inevitably leads to depriving farmers of previous methods of funding.
I am grateful that the Chairman of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the rapporteurs have been convened.
This is enshrined in all our constitutions as well as the constitutions of those accession countries joining the European Union in enlargement.
The Committee on Constitutional Affairs, no doubt aghast at such an admission, deemed it more prudent to eliminate this clause, with an overwhelming majority.
I also believe that Mrs Carlotti, the draughtsman for the opinion of the Committee on Development, also shares the Commission's opinion on this issue.
The resultant higher incidence of weeds then makes it necessary to use plant protection agents in larger quantities.
It was very slow in realizing that Lukashenko was not prepared to respect international rules in Europe and that the country's only hope of returning to democracy is through support for the opposition, for the opposition is the only thing on which we can pin our hopes.
Normally I follow Mrs Fontaine's procedure in saying that, for reasons of principle and on fiscal grounds, I do not take part in roll-call votes.
With regard to the resolutions on Cariforum - the only full Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) - I call upon Members to support the original text of the Committee on International Trade.
It is a matter of regret that is not in.
As regards advertising, an increasing comparison is made between labelling needs for tobacco products and vehicles.
What can be patented, however, are inventions created with the help of computers, and indeed this already happens.
I shall present you with an action plan on standardisation and examine ways in which industry can obtain higher-quality and more competitive services.
I think, however, that we must go further.
To start with, the dictatorship of the US accounting standards has become intolerable.
The situation before us is a critical one, and we have to find solutions whereby we no longer place Malta under undue pressure to take action and do not allow the situation to get out of control.
Cohesion policy, for example, which is implemented by the Member States and which receives around a third of the funds, is the major problem area.
More women than men are unemployed and more of them are long-term unemployed; finally, most of the time it is they who look after the children and sometimes other dependents too.
The increasingly pressing question is whether or not there can be stability without real growth.
We think that he has provided a good overview of the situation and has also provided useful insight.
Then the Commission can adopt a position, and not the other way round.
Many political prisoners have still not been released, despite appeals from the international community.
On that we agree.
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner, European farmers, and Spanish farmers in particular, need, and I would say that they are demanding, a minimum degree of stability.
Madam President, I thank the Commissioner.
I can assure you that on all these points the Commission will continue to fully discharge its tasks, as required by the Treaty.
On all sides of this House we have to be very honest with ourselves if we want Luxembourg to be a success.
2.
It is unrealistic to expect that mankind will give up the conveniences of modern life such as automobiles and other means of transport, in favour of bicycles.
NATO action is supported, ignoring the fact that its presence in Afghanistan is a major cause of the total lack of security in that country at the moment.
Meanwhile, thousands of chickens are being slaughtered in Nigeria, and avian influenza is going to strike down 1.1 billion African chickens.
Any attempt to create a centralised, united state can only result in a permanent battle for power between the different sections of the population.
In recent years, with the approaching Olympic Games in Beijing, we have learned of other 'developments' such as the fact that people's accommodation is being demolished without compensation being awarded, in order to make way for the construction of Olympic structures, and the existence of a list of 42 categories of people not to be allowed to attend the Olympic games, including the Dalai Lama, his followers and human rights defenders.
The message to the public with regard to biotechnology must be balanced and devoid of emotion, unlike much of what has happened so far in the area of biotechnological research.
Mr Rübig, I can assure you that security is a matter of great concern for Parliament. The Bureau is currently working on it and considering the budget implications, given that security measures have proved inadequate.
However, right now, these countries need our help and assistance.
I am sure that we are all in broad agreement with the Lisbon Summit' s strategic objective to make Europe, and I quote, "the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world capable of sustainable economic growth" .
But we also want each of the countries to define their own priorities and, in this way, to increase ‘ownership’; hence the importance of the national programmes that are going to be adopted at national level in the autumn.
This, rather than economic power, is the main thrust of European commitment today.
All these technical adjustments were unanimously approved by the Committee on Budgets on Monday 10 December.
The death penalty, whether to be carried out immediately or delayed, has been used by the Chinese state as a means of quashing the wishes of a large part of the population of Tibet.
The next item is the short presentation of the report by Miguel Angel Martínez Martínez, on behalf of the Committee on Petitions, on the special report from the European Ombudsman following his draft recommendation to the European Commission in Complaint 185/2005/ELB.
The directive will help to end the exploitation of illegally staying third-country nationals by some employers who pay them inadequate salaries and impose unsatisfactory working conditions.
For example, how can we confer important, individual rights on these regions, while not all the current and future Member States are organised in this way?
Be quiet, I am the one speaking.
Given the importance of these missions, I feel it necessary that funding should be considered more quickly and, for the sake of transparency, for one budget line to be created for each mission.
These observations should lead the European Parliament to proclaim the illegality of the election of Mr Fujimori and call for more elections, rather than being content with merely questioning its legitimacy.
Meat will play a major role in the months and years ahead - and rightly so, in my opinion.
Amnesty International has declared Nikitin a political prisoner and, what is more, the first prisoner of conscience in Russia since the collapse of communism.
Europe should defend that position, and we must make it an absolute priority to reform the United Nations and make it a truly effective and representative platform.
If they speak to any of the residents in that locality, they will see what a silly amendment that is.
At this point, please allow me to briefly refer to something that was said here today.
However, when the Commission cites the volume of justice and home affairs business being done in the European institutions and the regular appearance of such items on the European Council’s agenda as evidence of their vital importance, I fear the wrong benchmark has been chosen, for while justice and home affairs generates 30% of translation work in the Council, it only produces 5% of the decisions.
Some of these common values and principles are established in Article 2 of the Treaty of Lisbon: respect for freedoms, protection for minors and pluralism, which includes pluralism of information.
(DE) Madam President, Madam Vice-President, today I would like to talk about internal security and the work programme.
On certain points, we cannot, however, concur with the report.
(ES) Mr President, I should like to begin by praising the fine work done by my colleague, Salvador Garriga Polledo, in the report he is presenting on own resources, a subject he has been following very closely for some time.
We must note how few island regions in Europe will be regarded from 1999 as regions in which development is slow and which therefore require special structural aid.
Mr President, it is very interesting that those Members who speak my language are the very ones who apparently misunderstand what I say.
   Mr President, Commissioner, I believe that the Commissioner and we as Parliament are right to claim responsibility for a measure adopted in this parliamentary term that is finally effective in the area of safety at sea.
This will help reduce future distortions of competition and make it more difficult for those who might seek to abuse their market power.
During the current period between the signing and the entry into force of the Accession Treaties, we shall seek to ensure that the 10 new Member States participate fully in the work of the Council, making it easier for them to be fully integrated into the Union's institutional mechanisms.
I am also surprised by the recruitment difficulties mentioned in the Ombudsman's 2006 annual report, especially in relation to qualified lawyers, due to the two successive waves of enlargement (2004 and 2007), to staff turnover and to the difficulty in attracting and retaining candidates in Strasbourg with temporary contracts.
Only through greater investment in educating the young will we manage to create a competitive generation and a better European Union.
The directive applies to the new bull bars of the future, both those already in place on cars and those that are fitted subsequently.
But what we should be focussing on most are clear information campaigns about HIV infection, as this is the most important means of stemming this modern plague.
If there is real evidence that the Romanian Security Service has stoked violence, then that should be subject to scrutiny by the international community.
All national transport policy representatives say that we need considerable resources in order to be able to sustain our infrastructure networks.
The Commission is very concerned about this trend and has already taken a variety of preventive measures to strengthen the measures adopted in 2001.
Madam President, Commissioners, I should like to begin by saying something about the Convention on rules for the admission of third-country nationals.
The proposal for a directive does not say a word about it, because that is not its purpose.
These are difficult choices, but they cannot be put off any longer.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, we speak about frozen conflicts.
This is the course to follow, and this is the direction that relations between Parliament and the Commission have been taking in practice.
That also means that the European Union is a greater challenge than ever.
The improvement of patient rights, especially through the provision of information and cooperation between Member States, can be achieved by developing the e-health system and distributing information about cross-border healthcare.
We need coordinated compensation mechanisms here.
Three civilians were killed.
Firstly, at institutional level, there is total blockage which is a bad omen for the preparation for enlargement: no concrete proposal is made for the extension of majority voting or for the extension of the co-decision procedure.
Ecologically speaking, the primary focus should obviously be on energy efficiency and the latest environmental technology.
In addition, there are many minor or particular, sectoral issues, some of which I would like to mention.
Schengen has worked extremely well and it is visible for all to see.
Although we share the rapporteur's desire to improve equality between women and men in Europe, we do not feel that interference with the sovereignty of the Member States through demands for so-called gender budgeting, by urging the Member States not to cut social benefits and by imposing quotas through legislation is the right way to go.
Doing things more quickly and more briefly will not affect the basic problem.
Besides this fundamental document, the Portuguese Presidency is also to be commended for the European Union-Brazil summit as well as for the recently concluded European Union-Africa summit.
The European Parliament has shown great interest in Baltic cooperation and issues concerning the Baltic have been debated here on many occasions.
The content does not exceed the terms of our brief, since otherwise the principles of the 1992 reform would be weakened, particularly in respect of implementing controls on production.
I believe the time has come for a short process and a long peace.
I believe this is vital in order for us to succeed in the fight against cancer.
Exchange programmes are a suitable means of familiarizing the youth of Europe with the cultural diversity within Europe.
There are only two possible explanations as to why it was given a clean bill of health: one is that they were not given the appropriate and adequate information on which to form a judgment or, secondly, they were given the information but failed to act upon it.
This is symbolic of the success of Europe and of European unification, but is also, alas, an indication of Argentina's failure.
In my country, for example, we have already been able to ban the use of motor vessels at local level in certain lakes which it has been seen especially justifiable to protect.
It is to be hoped that within Parliament, the Commission and the Court of Auditors agreement can be reached on what constitutes a spade and what does not. That would be the best way of reaching an understanding.
This is in no way consistent with damage limitation, which consists in the possible - but far from proven - reduction of the damage, and not in fighting drugs as an escape route out of social difficulties.
That raises the problem of our agricultural model.
Those, Madam President, are the few points I wanted to make this morning about the conflict in the Kivu and, more generally, about the Great Lakes region.
Since Greenland withdrew from the EU in 1985 it has had Fisheries Agreements with the Community.
This is a step in the direction of transparency, to ensure that aid is distributed on the basis of the results of a survey of hives present in the various Member States and not on the basis of estimated data.
Once we have reached a point where, in order to counter the adverse effects on the environment, dangerous and organic waste, in particular, is no longer dumped, incineration should then inevitably deliver environmental benefits.
We will need to examine whether the policies followed in the name of Bologna have actually led to the desired consolidation of a European Area of Higher Education that can meet the challenges of competitiveness on an international scale.
As you know, Yemen has successfully tackled these challenges.
   . This report is based on the premise that the common fisheries policy (CFP) does not pay due attention to the specific interests of the outermost regions.
   Mr President, ten new countries and ten new Commissioners.
Half the population of Jakarta has no access to drinking water or basic medical facilities and the situation is only getting worse.
The elections need to be properly prepared, so that it is clear who is entitled to vote and so that the elections may gain legitimacy, and the new constitution needs to be used in order for this balance of power to be achieved.
I would add...
The Danish Social Democrats would like to emphasise, however, that the purpose of the EU's common agricultural policy must continue to be to guarantee market stabilisation and we therefore cannot support permanent subsidies from the EU for the likes of milk and dairy products.
We would have voted for a motion for a resolution by the Confederal Group of the European United Left, which at least condemns the police's brutal repression.
It should apply to the residents of urban agglomerations as well as those living in rural areas, people living in the centre of Europe as well as those on the peripheries, the younger generation as well as elderly people.
After its first democratic elections in 1996, Taiwan embarked upon a major process of democratisation with important institutional reforms for the respect of civil liberties and citizens' rights that have helped to consolidate its political stability.
It is disturbing that the Member States have not yet ratified the Europol Convention.
Madam President, I also welcome today's vote on copyright and the information society.
My group is in favour of the internalisation of external costs, and specifically exhaust emissions and noise.
This is a fundamental right of the clients, a fundamental right which is also set out in the Charter of European Fundamental Rights which was solemnly proclaimed in Nice recently.
Are there any comments?
The Commission also draws Parliament's attention to the presidency statement of 11 April on Liberia which strongly deplores the renewed violence and calls on all faction leaders to keep their members under control.
Mr Ferber will now speak on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats - one and a half minutes.
In conclusion, we would like to point to the need to continue the informational campaigns about the dangers of smoking and the like.
We got it - and very responsibly we did not spend it.
This is why it is so important to take this particular step.
It is this divide-and-rule, the oldest trick in the book, which you and your fellow colleagues have fallen for.
It is also losing significant state contracts, which enabled it to maintain its public service obligations, because of the public procurement requirements.
We will use all the enforcement measures at our disposal in order to persuade these Member States to move ahead with these very important directives.
It is particularly important to us that, as a rule, working time be calculated on the basis of individuals and not of each individual contract.
In other words, we want closer integration which is open to all current and future members of the Union.
We agree with conclusions such as those on transatlantic cooperation, which appear in several paragraphs, or those on the need for clear definitions of priorities and threats, with a view to averting possible crises.
We want a time-limited 'call-back mechanism'.
I am neither the one nor the other, and if Mr Schulz believed he heard voices from nothing, then I think he should go and consult a good psychiatrist.
Thirdly, the structure of the Supply Agency's Advisory Committee is distorted, having a disproportionately large share of countries producing nuclear power on it, something which will be made worse by the amendment adopted by the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy.
In other words, one could say that it has a dual obligation to respect the political principles and the institutions of the European Union.
You only have to look at the Basque region, for example.
The Conservative Party will stand by those principles, unlike the Labour Party, which...
What is even more unacceptable is the praising of his murderer by fanatical groups.
In other words, they should be offered resources, time and intelligence.
We will therefore vote in favour of your appointment.
At stake are not only the environment, and therefore the health of EU citizens, but also the competitiveness of an important industry.
Food security at Member State level is achieved by maintaining a stable agricultural sector, which is not jeopardised by external trade policy, against the background of increased market volatility.
It is very clear that the Member States do not want a common immigration policy.
I suspect, Commissioner, that we are dealing with a case of fraud, in which the value declared in customs is being used to reduce the importer’s tax bill, both in terms of the Community tariff and in terms of VAT.
Nonsensical red tape - a superfluous piece of legislation!
Furthermore, Cambodia's only independent radio station was closed with the charge of inciting riots.
Madam President, the Socialist Group supports the report of our rapporteur, Enrique Barón Crespo.
The work on this text has however cost a lot of time, commitment and sweat.
The issue, as it remains, is to ensure that what was said takes shape and becomes a specific and clear commitment of the Council and the Commission alike.
We have said in this House over recent days that everybody has the right to think and express their opinions, whatever they may be, but when that opinion clashes with the responsibilities of a Vice-President of the Commission, calling into question three States of the Union, we believe that is very serious.
(DE) Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, we have been given our homework, and plan to send the right messages to Africa and Latin America.
To make it easier for individuals to exercise their rights in practice, the Panel has formulated 80 recommendations, which mainly concern: better information; which rights apply to the freedom of movement; increased cooperation between Member States; better training for national civil servants; and how to make it easier for people to seek work in another Member State.
The ministers will have a further discussion on the Middle East process at the meetings of the Council on Monday. They will consider the position to be taken by the European Union at the meeting of the Quartet, which will take place in New York on 4 May.
I have to retire owing to health reasons, but I want to express my deepest gratitude to my colleagues in this Parliament, and of course to the Commission and the Council, for the outstanding support that they gave to peace in Northern Ireland.
If the budget is to be implemented effectively there need to be clear legal instruments and a clear division of labour.
We have also been concerned about the continuing firing of Kassam rockets at Israel from Gaza.
Clearly this also requires financial investment.
At its basis there lies a conviction in the supremacy of economics over other areas of life and a certainty that all economic theories apart from liberalism have failed and that there is no other way.
We would also ask the political groups to take more care.
People say either too much, or not enough.
I therefore fully agree.
Therefore, we must use our taxpayers’ money as a tool with which to sweep away the last traces of the Cold War in this united Europe.
It has to be said, however, that we are still a long way from a situation where the EU could offer its Member States guarantees of military security.
The fact is that unless the proposal on the distribution of seats comes into being in accordance with the proposal for a new EU constitution, there is a great risk that we will have to go back to the Treaty of Nice.
The European Union has not concluded any extradition agreement with Brazil and, even if this had been the case, it would have no right to intervene in individual extradition cases.
But I fear there will always be differences of opinion over the best possible solution to this problem.
The abolition of symbols, the abolition of the right to decide on life belongs to each state.
This last item involves combating the gangs which sell banned products. The agency must also be responsible for prevention so that young people dissociate themselves psychologically and actively from the scourge of drugs.
At the moment, however, the crisis is instead being used to attack trade unions, employees and free wage formation and to strike at unemployment benefits and pensions.
In addition, they are otherwise entirely decisive for the developing nations.
Do European bodies not run the risk of endlessly repeating themselves?
International situation
If this is not perceived as discriminatory, I also believe that this is due to Mr Moraes' particular background.
With regard to Amendments Nos 7 and 9, I wish to draw attention to the fact that the Commission is already following an active policy of financing the consumer and environmental associations, so as to enable them to take part in the standardization work.
You cannot steal a car, drive it on the motorway and, when the police step in, say there is free movement on the motorway.
Here we have very much taken into account all of your previous political and professional life, Mr Gil-Robles.
   Mr Evans, we are unhappy that the Socialist group supports the Council’s response.
Indeed, the use of sport to empower individuals and combat social exclusion should not be underestimated.
I welcome your remarks for the future, Commissioner, but I am not happy about your remarks for the short term.
Written declarations included in the register (Rule 123): see Minutes
With more than one relay our system will not work.
Therefore, I hope that transport and mobility will play a more important role in European policy as a whole than I am afraid has often been the case in the past.
The Court of Justice or the Court of Auditors will have to adapt to enlargement.
In my view, the EU should not establish their own embassies but establish relations with the outside world in other ways.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.
It is a paradox that affects democracy itself.
It is time to prioritise women and their rights, equality, and economic and social cohesion, so that we can have a better society and so that we can truly respect human rights and consolidate the progress that women have helped to build for our civilisation.
There are another two points that we will have to sort out with Mr Barroso.
If this fails, let it be Council’s fault, not this Parliament’s.
Mr President, any scheme that simplifies the European system of telecommunications terminal equipment is surely to be welcomed, as is the special emphasis on the need to ensure that such equipment can be used by people with disabilities.
Time for deliberation will be needed if we are to address the complex issues and concerns which arose during the referendum debate.
The idea of Europe, united and working together, is essential today for our nations to be strong enough to keep our place in this world.
The Commission can accept in principle Amendments 26 and 27 concerning adaptation to the rules of procedure and the date of entry into force of the regulation.
Let it be very clear that there is no intention to negotiate away our health and safety requirements; not with Mercosur or anyone else!
The situation in Togo is not new.
The European Union supports the resumption of negotiations in the OSCE Minsk Group.
These arrangements will guarantee the full participation of the new Member States in the institutional framework of the Union and the operating costs of their participation in the Union's institutions will be dealt with under the appropriate decision-taking procedures.
Corrections to votes and voting intentions: see Minutes
Given that the electoral process has now been completed, the ?U will continue to focus on this issue - it is an important issue - and will take appropriate action depending on subsequent measures taken by the courts.
What is striking here of course is that all international efforts, such as they were, have achieved nothing of lasting worth; every cease-fire is broken, and hostage-taking continues.
We have the same problem in Ireland and it is a common problem throughout the EU.
In the course of preparing this negotiation with the USA, Canada and Australia, Parliament has laid down conditions.
For this reason, authorisation will have to be one of the main topics of our discussions.
I would also like to stress that I share the worries that new emerging pollutants are increasingly being detected in the waters we drink or bathe in.
Is there any more you can tell us in this connection?
It has already attracted so much protest that many observers who can hardly be suspected of anti-liberalism have themselves regarded it as dogmatic for some time.
We simply must realise that the directive on the table is a sound directive.
Reducing poverty is one of the EU's primary development policy objectives.
Accession to Schengen by Sweden would threaten the Nordic passport union and establish new borders with the Baltic states, Eastern Europe and the rest of the world.
Moreover, the cloak of secrecy that surrounds these negotiations, the fact that certain representatives from the Member States or national parliaments have revealed the contents of Memoranda of Understanding, and the fact that this Parliament continues to lack information on this issue, are fundamental reasons to back up our concern, and this has not been resolved by the answers that the Commission has just given.
Today parliaments in 26 countries have said 'yes'.
The reason that Johannesburg was not mentioned more is that the Barcelona European Council cannot discuss Johannesburg further until the preparations for it begin in the United Nations.
There are three points which I wish to make.
      As a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, and in particular as a doctor, I should like to voice my support for a hard-hitting version of the new REACH regulation on chemical substances.
There is a palpable sense of 'weariness' with regard to expanding the European Union, but we cannot allow ourselves to keep countries like Moldova and Ukraine outside the European Union for a long time.
The price of your failure would be awful.
Unless all Palestinians are represented in the ongoing negotiations there will be no peace, as anyone involved with the issue is well aware.
However, they can in no way be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's democratically legitimated decision-making process.
On the contrary, the Member States must realise that they will have a role to play in the future within the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality. These are the essential principles on which the European Union is built.
I congratulate Commissioner Bonino on that.
I herewith conclude my response to the question raised by Mrs Palacio.
All of which inclines me to full support for the motion and acceptance of the agreement, which will serve both institutions well.
We are very badly behind with the schedule for this meeting.
When I say this, I am referring to the fact that in 2008 the EU-Republic of Moldova dialogue mentioned at least three major issues: a) free access for the opposition to the public mass media, which has been systematically refused and institutionalised by the Voronin regime; b) failure to comply with the request of the Venice Commission to refrain from amending the law on parliamentary elections, flatly refused by the regime in Chişinău and its collaborators; c) the opposition's involvement in major decisions on the country's policy, especially its European integration policy, another measure flatly refused.
The strategies implemented as part of the common agricultural policy must be backed up by an appropriate budget which will meet these challenges.
The reason why I agree that the new directive should be both strict and feasible is not only so that tourism in Cyprus can be safeguarded.
There is a need to change and reform the EU's system of own resources.
However, experience has shown that the genuine opening up of markets and the creation of a real and efficient internal market required that those rules and principles be clarified through detailed provisions coordinating national procedures.
It constitutes one of the most serious attacks on their sovereignty, and this situation will be even worse for those in the euro area considered to have excessive deficits, which, in addition to continuous surveillance by the European Commission, could be subject to sanctions.
The issue of work/family compatibility presents challenges, however, not only to the state, but also to businesses.
We must carry on providing support for democratisation and renewal, and this is what our programmes must focus on, rather than some image of Che Guevara.
In principle, I would repeat what I have said before on behalf of our group during the meeting behind closed doors of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The most important event that will be mentioned is the Treaty of Lisbon's entry into force.
This is also reflected in the report on the Ombudsman's activities.
An informal trialogue is due to take place on 25 June, the day before the meeting of the Council of Research Ministers.
The question of whether GMOs are a good or a bad thing does not belong in today's debate.
Member of the Commission. - (CS) In the first place I should present apologies from my colleague Commissioner Figeľ, who cannot take part in this sitting because of a long-planned working visit to Egypt.
I appeal to the sense of responsibility of the Member States and the Commission and call on them to carry out the follow-up measures rapidly and to increase the appropriations.
It is no surprise, then, to see many references to this in the basic texts that govern relations between the European Union and third countries, starting with the Cotonou Agreement, which includes, in particular, a clause on human rights and democracy in the context of the political dialogue with the ACP countries.
It is a great shame because there is no political consequence.
It is not enough merely to commemorate 8 March; we need to think about this matter on all the other days in the year as well.
The Erika disaster shows that when sound traffic and transport regulations are lacking at international and European level, nature and the environment come off second-best.
We all know that if economic interests gain ascendancy over political ones, democracy will suffer.
The first part of the declaration concerns the general objective of agricultural negotiations within the framework of the WTO, that is to say the creation of a fair and market-oriented trading system.
We can imagine the effects of such a proposal if applied to ourselves.
Mr President, on 2 May 1998, in Brussels, I pledged the support of the Alleanza Nazionale delegation for the euro. However, I observed that the European currency was getting off to a bad start: the Union had no economic policy and the Council of Ministers had not even issued an outline plan or guidelines so that the national States could work together to tackle major areas such as unemployment, flexibility, the conversion of some sectors and the social and cultural effects of the increase in pace that technological innovations such as the Internet were bringing not just in the market place but in other areas of life as well.
It is really very strange, therefore, that the efforts of governments have not been the subject of intense debate in the national parliaments.
Four essential points have been integrated into the report by way of amendments tabled by me:
Those workers would not work in that plant if they thought it was unsafe.
During the vote tomorrow, we can make it clear that Europe is drafting a responsible and future-orientated water policy.
I would therefore also like to call on the international organisations to help launch a constructive dialogue bringing together all parties to the conflict with a view to restoring the democratic political process and ensuring respect for human rights and civil liberties in Nepal.
In recent times, the Union has tended to neglect rural and agricultural problems.
In total, 33 pollutants (mainly pesticides and heavy metals) found in rivers, lakes and coastal waters will be subject to environmental quality standards.
The crisis has also highlighted a marked contradiction at a time in which the ECB has been forced to make financial movements in the market and at the same time to raise interest rates to tackle the risk of inflation.
The management of airports, air traffic control and a single European sky all have a huge contribution to make in decreasing fuel consumption and thereby reducing costs of fuel and carbon credits for the airlines.
(DE) Mr President, I think that was a technical error - I am truly sorry.
The next item is the report by Mrs van der Laan (A5-0397/2000), on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the progress report of the Commission on the measures taken in the light of the observations of the European Parliament in its 1997 discharge resolution [COM(2000) 224 - C5-0223/2000 - 2000/2113(DEC)].
All of these air agreements are beneficial and necessary for the European Union, our airlines and our citizens.
I have spoken before about the impossibility of making a clear distinction, in preventing a crisis or in managing a crisis, between the military and the civil components.
As we are all aware, Bulgaria submitted its request to join the EU on 18 December 1995.
It is a forum for creative expression, different cultures, different ethnic identities and religions.
The question is whether we move with the new developments and new technologies or stand aside and allow others to set the pace.
Consequently, the countries that do not wish to become the incinerators for the whole of Europe should do everything in their power to make sure that this provision is removed from the directive.
Therefore, I think we have to be sensible and balanced about this and I certainly would like to see a review of the proposal within four years of implementation with full consultation from the industry in the meantime.
This can be achieved quickly by improving cooperation between national railway companies or by merging large-scale and cross-border activities into one single European operation.
(Applause)
It will also become clear whether the Kremlin really intends to comply with EU calls for visa facilitation.
Then it all sounds so wonderful.
We have this crisis.
It was nevertheless worth holding a debate on who should have the authority to make decisions.
There is real concern for those in the transmission and distribution businesses that their business is likely to be transferred to Arriva.
However, the problem is that everyone rushed to the defence not of the woman, but of the man who dismissed her, because apparently it was he who had been provoked and suffered sexual harassment.
Not allowing elected representatives to amend or propose legislation constitutes a serious breach of democratic principles.
I was told that to date no one from the Commission had been in touch; this does indeed make it difficult for the Commission to obtain information.
So why the Commission has replaced the term 'women's opportunities' with the term 'under-represented sex' is beyond me.
It is that that will usher in a cross-border, European political debate.
author. - (NL) Mr President, the violence in Somalia has everything to do with the fact that since 1991 there has no longer been a generally recognised government there.
During the debate last night, Commissioner Byrne did not move any closer to the committee's viewpoint.
Thirdly, we stress the need to develop, in addition to the structural funds, direct Community action in the cultural sector, giving it greater consistency and visibility.
We must also enhance mutual trust between all EU Member States by improving knowledge of each other’s legislative and judicial systems.
Patients are not always able to obtain appropriate treatment in their own Member State, and this is essentially contrary to the freedoms guaranteed by the EU Treaty.
This is a European matter.
In recent years the world's total aid has fallen to its lowest level in modern times.
The 2011 Joint Employment Report, which is based on the Commission's assessment of the Member States' draft national reform programmes, calls on them to improve the functioning of the labour market by introducing more employment-friendly tax systems and by making work pay, ensuring that wages reflect developments in productivity, introducing flexible working arrangements to facilitate the further integration of women into the labour market, ensuring that pension reforms include a more direct link between later retirement and increased pension entitlements, removing incentives for people to retire early and linking unemployment benefits with the business cycle.
For this I thank him.
It is generally accepted that it is cheaper to build combined-cycle gas turbines and to encourage energy efficiency measures.
We are happy to go.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
Member States and the enterprises concerned must be urged, therefore, on the one hand, to incorporate into their crisis-handling strategies the consideration of gender equality and, on the other, to refrain from financial restrictions detrimental to equal opportunities for men and women.
Other Iranian lawyers have also met with repression.
As you said in your speech, one of the many aims of this programme is to convey a positive image. In our opinion, the positive outcome of this report has been the successful search for a balance between what the initial proposal termed excellence and what development cooperation really means.
We have stressed the need for regional cooperation, especially in view of the work being done on a regional free trade area, with a single free trade agreement, based on CEFTA, intended to replace 31 individual agreements.
We are all behind the Ankara Government, behind the Turkish people in the fight against terrorism. Nevertheless, in order to continue the progress I mentioned, we must call for restraint, moderation and compliance with international law.
With respect, this is difficult to reconcile.
Secretary General Solana recently reminded us that Union programmes should be focused and prioritised.
These measures are very welcome and the Committee on Fisheries will monitor these very closely so that we do not have to spend more time in this House regretting such disasters.
The standard of living of the working classes has fallen.
We are well aware that this report is not a definitive report.
We would obviously like to see action sooner rather than later, but hastily arranged meetings with no time for proper discussion and coordination between parties are not the best way of making laws or securing agreement so I hope we succeed and are able to achieve a vote today which the Council can endorse within a matter of weeks rather than years; but if we do, I suspect that it will be more a matter of luck than design, and I hope we can bear this in mind if we are able to work together with the other institutions of the European Union and achieve progress more effectively and rapidly in future years.
There is broad agreement in the Council in support of this approach.
Because there is one thing you should not forget.
   .
As a result, we are also in a stronger position to face the spirit of materialism and mass culture which is undeniably spreading across the world in increasingly threatening forms.
It is a pity that the last President, his personal inflexibility or even his pride prevented Parliament from discovering the truth regarding the result of the vote on Amendment No 16.
The agreement with the automobile industry which we are discussing here is partly illustrating why that is.
I thank you for that, Mr Bourlanges.
They are all known as mobile workers for the purposes of this directive.
I have always been convinced that if a public service broadcaster becomes extremely popular among the people and profitable for the state, it need not be a public broadcaster at all.
After World War II the leaders - Schuman and others - said that this must never happen again.
And the commitment to prolonged and intense assistance from the European Union, in agreement with the Latin American partners and perfectly in agreement with Caricom, with the OAS and with the United Nations, could, I believe, be a success story for the Guadalajara Summit, which will be consolidated if good intentions are then followed by determined and sustained actions.
In many cases these three hours would salvage our economy.
What we want is a world where no-one will be injured or killed by landmines.
Of course, there were also many concerns expressed, many of which I also agree with.
We need more money, more innovation, and more investment: an intelligent lifebelt for Europe's future.
Now is not the time to isolate but to unite and to complete together the task of unifying Europe.
To some extent, of course, the process will be assisted by the fact that the international science community inside and outside the European Union is genuinely international.
It is high time libraries were made the cornerstone of the debate, as their significance and their potential as meeting points for many phenomena relating to the information society have not yet been fully grasped.
We are nevertheless opposed to this report, mainly for two reasons: paragraph 5 refers to increasing the Union's budget.
Can I ask him about something on which his views have not yet been leaked by WikiLeaks?
Serb refugees from Croatia, Bosnia and Kosovo have now moved into the houses of those who can no longer hold their own in Vojvodina.
In this case too, we know that vaccines are necessary, but nothing, or far too little, is being done about it.
Madam President, this week Commissioner Monti has had the opportunity to discuss on repeated occasions the internal market action plan that he plans to present at the European Council in Amsterdam, but the day before yesterday there was a hearing at the Court of Justice on a case presented by the Commission against France, on actions that took place in 1995 and that country's failure to take appropriate measures to avoid violent acts on its territory against fruit and vegetables from other Member States, thereby infringing the provisions regulating farming COMs and Article 30 of the Treaty.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteurs on these monetary reports.
A very important and parallel area of the Union's human rights activities is the giving of aid to non-governmental organisations which seek to uphold human rights in third countries and also provide practical assistance to the victims of human rights violations.
The proposed measures will increase the cost of living at a time when consumers' wages are constantly being eroded by the policy of the European Union.
The bacterium costs lives, too many lives.
Mr President, the Committee on External Economic Relations welcomes the excellent report by Mr Needle.
What level of quality do we want for our consumers?
Would it not be a sound resolve to better regulate the freedom of religion in the constitution and abolish state religion?
That reform would suit the large countries, especially Germany, which is complaining of the ECB' s failure to act, implicitly blaming this on the disproportionate influence of the small countries within the Governing Council.
Indeed, in our Union, which lacks internal borders, these organisations are banned in some countries, but not in many others.
Such action would be a clear request to the Member States that are responsible for the breakdown to control their external borders better.
When, for example, I hear several speakers in the debate this morning complaining about the fact that there are still far fewer girls than boys in technical education - and that something must be done about it - then I do wonder whether we actually know the difference between 'equal opportunities' and 'equal treatment' .
Mrs Aung San Suu Kyi has appealed to the western democracies to give her more help.
We think that each individual country should take their own decisions on social legislation, decisions which they consider necessary and reasonable.
As the Minister emphasised just now, it is true that the slow progress and the difficulties which we have encountered on certain dossiers could cast serious doubt on our ability to take substantial decisions within the very strict deadlines in the Commission timetable.
Second, the abolition of the storage levy scheme will inject an element of competition into the highly distorted market.
Despite what has been said this morning, little is known about the action that the EU has taken, and amongst those who do know about it the majority believe that it is insufficient.
Another important matter: all aircraft upwards of a take-off weight of 5.7 tonnes must be included in the emissions trading scheme.
Finally, the question on all our minds is who should foot the bill?
We are in favour of liberalising trade subject to certain standards and rules, and it is clear that the Singapore issues will force the World Trade Organisation to lay down a number of rules.
Various cases have been brought before the Court of Justice against the Regulation.
I wish to appeal to the Commission, here in the presence of Mr Nielson, as well as to the Council, not to let the conflict in the Middle East mean that a veil is drawn over the ethnic and religious cleansing of Christians in the Moluccas that is now taking place. Instead, this should be placed in the spotlight.
In October last year, I reported in this Parliament on the case of Mr Bin Vinh Trinh in Vietnam.
The relationship with the European Commission, the G10 and the G7 - that is all in preparation and so far, so good.
Once again, my own country is perhaps the best example of this phenomenon, as both the divorce rate and the suicide rate in Poland are among the lowest in Europe.
I should like to hear your views on this.
China in particular is the largest producer and consumer of the traditional medicines in which tiger products are used.
It is quite clear that, amongst other obstacles, organising matters according to pillars and the fact that the European Union has no legal personality both make it more difficult to achieve this aim and forced this report' s proposals to perform some clever balancing tricks.
I am going to meet him this afternoon, and I feel this is important precisely because I believe that we need powerful, direct dialogue on these matters.
Under the new system to be adopted by Member States participating in enhanced cooperation in this area, the unitary patent will fall under a much more affordable translation regime consisting of solely the French, English and German languages; resulting in the cutting of costs.
Secondly, what will you, the Commission and the Council, do to implement the recommendations in the report?
The agreement at first reading demonstrates how important the urgency of this dossier is to every person who took part.
The European Union accounted for 55% of global development aid in the social sectors in 1997 and has increased its support for health, Aids and population programmes from 1% of our total assistance in 1986 to over 8% at the present time, compared to an OECD average of 5.5%.
It also covers children of such marriages.
As I have, in fact, mentioned before, both yesterday in this Chamber and on other occasions, the EU's capacity to implement an energy strategy - and one that is not just sustainable but also autonomous - and thus its independence from the power games and economic interests that are often at work behind the scenes in this sector is a decisive factor in meeting so many of the global challenges that await us in the near future, not only in terms of competitiveness, but also with regard to the political and strategic weight that the European Union wishes to have and could obtain.
We must act urgently in informing people that their health and that of future generations is in their own hands.
The implementation of the protocol has proved effective by providing Seychelles with resources to develop a responsible fishing industry.
Prior to the last General Assembly, a breakthrough on Burma was forecast.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
Not for the first time, the European Parliament is exhibiting an optimism that makes Doctor Pangloss sound like Cassandra.
What is needed is a report that discusses assessments and proposals, but the Commission' s report does not provide for this and furthermore, the European Parliament put these forward in October last year.
The Community standards imposed on food producers are stringent, which is why food prices in the EU are high.
In the interests of the future of Europe and of its inhabitants, we must pay more attention to the problems raised in the report by Mr Foglietta.
Mr President, I want to thank Mrs Evans for her contribution on this subject.
As a former national member of parliament, I know that a national member of parliament can do very little.
One hundred years ago!
In the first case, we witnessed a series of errors, some serious, being committed by Sri Lanka, a country which has the extenuating circumstance of having emerged from a very long civil war against a terrible terrorist organisation.
Indeed, owing to its speed, many alerts are now being sent only via the SIS and no longer via Interpol.
3.
In the future, yes, we can change.
Cultural, religious and socio-economic customs which are at odds with the humane and equal treatment of women must be broken down.
There is also an awareness-raising programme and different campaigns.
I would like to speak first of all about supervision, which is a subject close to my heart, since I think that the nature of the European Investment Bank's tasks mean that it should have prudential supervision.
That has always been your approach.
A list of priorities soon becomes a universal catalogue.
Having said that, I would like to call on the European Commission to present at the earliest opportunity a proposal completing this Framework Decision on the conflicts of jurisdiction.
Amongst the new Member States, the report states, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia collect official data on racist violence and crime on a broader scale than other countries.
I am, therefore, rather surprised that, on page 24 of tomorrow’s communication by the Commission to the European Parliament, it is stated in the working programme for 2004 that this directive is already to be transposed, even though we are today discussing the need for the Commission to submit a new proposal.
This also goes for the President of the Commission.
Most of the serious reservations I have about his text naturally relate to what I would describe as an obsession with budget deficits.
Public opinion in the new Member States is very concerned as to how the European Union deals with environmental issues and particularly how the European Union stands by the promises it gave when the accession treaty was signed.
They clearly demonstrate the commitment of the European Union to the democratic process and the sustainable resolution of conflicts.
Mr President, in January the Commission attacked the Hungarian moratorium on genetically modified maize MON810.
Lastly, I would like to express my total opposition to increasing the duration of working life in France and in Europe, as recommended by the Barcelona European Council.
Are there any comments?
According to the proposals adopted, Member States can, from now on, pass on the cost of air pollution, noise and traffic jams to lorries.
I myself am a local elected representative, and I am very committed to the freedom of administration of local authorities, as the campaigns that I have led in this House with, in particular, Mr Piecyk, my colleague from the Committee on Transport and Tourism, have shown.
This is how the disappointing conduct of the Dutch Government can be summed up.
As far as we are concerned, the important thing is to preserve a balance between protecting passengers and the vitality of a major economic sector such as the air transport sector.
I strongly support the European journey being made by the Republic of Moldova and its citizens, but I protest against this gross abuse and ask the European Commission and Council to request explanations from the authorities in Chişinău, just as Romania has already requested through the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Indeed, how can we speak about the common market where individuals cannot import goods for their personal use?
We have tried, we Europeans.
This study describes in the blackest terms the phenomenon of violence and child exploitation in the world, highlighting the serious infringements of the rights of the child.
Mr President, first a word about the distasteful scenes that have unfolded this week. I am referring to the utterly despicable attacks on Jewish synagogues and citizens in Europe under the pretext of the Middle East conflict.
However, the report also expresses points, which we find deeply problematic.
This is not right.
Therefore, if the Union wishes to propose a ban on the swastika, I suggest adding the symbols of the hated and bloody communist dictatorship as well.
Tajikistan has demonstrated an open, constructive attitude to discussions on our shared challenges. That is positive.
I should like to add, Mrs Kinnock, that aid from the European Social Fund may be granted using the Objective 1 single programming document, which covers the West Wales and The Valleys region and represents EUR 591 million.
Despite current events being dominated by climate change - I am referring to the Stern report and the IPCC conclusions - the Commission proposal waters down the concept of sustainable development.
Parliament’s message regarding the simplification of administration and the monitoring of implementation is unequivocal.
You Members who tabled these proposals should explain to the people why you demand that they fulfil duties and only secondarily let them enjoy rights.
So why not hold a referendum on the euro?
I should like to remind you that, in these efforts that have been announced, we are talking about a 9% share of nuclear energy, 54% energy efficiency, 35% renewables and 14% geological carbon capture and storage.
As Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra said, I believe that it is for all their sakes that this House must speak out today, on the basis of the principles of unity and solidarity, in favour of these hostages being released.
You have been very politically balanced in whom you have called upon to speak, but I wanted to ask why, when we were on the very thorny issue of the Austrian strategy paper, you only gave the floor to two representatives of the Socialist Group, although I was the first to raise my hand the very second when you took requests for the floor and before you stopped taking them.
In my view, it is important for the people of Europe, and particularly those whose countries border the sea, to be able to personally see positive changes - the fact that water quality and cleanness is increasing, that a renewal of biological diversity is taking place in the seas and, finally, that there is considered, balanced and sustainable administration and development of the marine region following the adoption of this legislation and similar pieces of legislation.
This controversial research has no scientifically positive results and, as our rapporteur has pointed out, is high-risk.
It will also be a very useful document.
Moreover, I know that, as early as this afternoon, a debate will take place in which the Danish Minister for Food will participate as President-in-Office of the Council and this emphasises the fact that the mid-term review is still on the table.
It is a very good initiative.
The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of an amendment on common organization of the market in bananas.
So maintaining the free flow of goods - not just within Europe but also to and from the developing world, as President Barroso has just said - is therefore of particular concern.
Finally, as regards our rapporteur's call on the Greek presidency to prevent Prestige-type disasters from reoccurring, I fear that this call will fall on deaf ears, given that the Greek presidency has never made any secret of its ties with the shipping industry.
I feel that the Council's proposal, which is the result of a laborious compromise, does not offer us the necessary clarity in this case either and runs the risk of considerably complicating communication with passengers.
The Commission will continue to actively assist your efforts and we look forward to working with you.
Furthermore, the industrialists concerned own operations throughout the world, and in order to prevent further disasters, the European Union must set an example by implementing operating rules guaranteeing the safety of workers and better protection of the environment.
When the President of the European Parliament gets a response from the Belgian authorities to the effect that greater protection for Parliament in Brussels is not necessary because there are no indications of attacks or such like, I find that justification far from adequate...
Because this is a very complex subject, you will appreciate that it has not yet been possible to complete this analysis.
You do not need to hope in order to try, or to succeed in order to persevere.
Another aspect relates to protection because, in a way, our fellow citizens fear that Europe does not protect them enough.
Their police and justice systems are not democratic; there is much still to be done here.
We are now in the midst of the worst economic crisis the world has seen in my lifetime.
I was also much relieved that 15 months of uncertainty and dissent threatening the Union’s finances had been brought to an end in this way.
Let us show that we have something to offer them.
Since we know that more than half a million people die every year in the European Union as a result of addiction to nicotine, that smoking is a definite danger to public health, and that tobacco advertising and sponsorship are certainly not only about promoting brands but also about encouraging smoking and getting young people to start smoking, as we know, then we have to make a stand against this advertising in a directive on approximation.
We need a one-stop shop for business and consumer protection-related information that is relevant to the internal market.
.
The security situation must be resolved according to the Kadugli and Abyei agreements from the start of the year, including, in my view, through the intervention of a mixed security force commissioned by the UN.
We understand that the lawyers representing the defendants have announced their intention to refer the case to the Court of Cassation and hope that it will be dealt with in accordance with all the relevant principles of equal justice.
These examples demonstrate how creaky the whole system of subsidies has become. We clearly need to reform the whole CAP.
In addition, the Commission's initiative to establish an annual, European tourism forum at which the sector itself can set its priorities, receives our full support.
information on how it is intended to finance the common security and defence policy.
Prime Minister Sharon, in spite of fierce Likud opposition, is pressing ahead with withdrawal of settlements from Gaza as a way of kick-starting the roadmap for peace in the Middle East again and bringing about a two-state solution.
However, I have not heard any alternative proposals and I think that we all want to defend the European Union and the euro.
Since these amendments introduce recitals and not additional provisions, which would be unacceptable due to the lack of a legal base, I feel I can support them.
So that we are all clear about what is being discussed here, I would like to remind you, ladies and gentlemen, of what has been or will be proposed.
Antisemitism, racism and xenophobia are not in decline in Europe.
Hard choices would have to be made if this proposal were accepted.
I am therefore opposed to all the amendments.
It is one of the dirtiest seas in Europe and the maritime industry must bear a large part of the blame for this.
We did our homework.
I would remind you of the debate that we had on this subject earlier on.
Subject: Improvement of police cooperation
After all, it goes against any fundamental sense of justice that someone should die due to a lack of medical care.
Mr President, may I also begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur, Mr Graziani, on this comprehensive report and perhaps firstly just add to the introductory remarks that he made on the disaster that has befallen his country.
We are engaging.
I assume that you will follow up the question asked by Mr Ferber.
We must remember that the European Union is a community of 370 million inhabitants.
We need solutions without blinkers, we must discuss the issues without bringing in ideologies and we must stop trying to muddle through.
There is no sustainable basis for such discounts on contributions. In exactly the same way as we wish to get Spain and Poland to implement the will of others, Great Britain too should be made to pay its share of EU costs on the same basis as that which obtains with others.
What forms of support should the EU then give for the building of a stable country?
If we want to admit countries in Central and Eastern Europe which are still mainly agriculture-based, we cannot carry on with European agricultural policy as it stands.
The goal was to restore basic trust between the Russian Federation and Ukraine, and to introduce elementary transparency to the issue.
Genuine freedom makes sense when it is at the service of truth and love.
Electoral law is not a European matter.
As far as the common agricultural policy in particular was concerned, the process was far from straightforward, as you can imagine.
While it is true that these directives are very important for the equilibrium of the internal market and crossborder awards, the greatest benefit of these directives does not reside in this fact, but in the opportunity they provide for promoting sustainable development.
First of all, we must be really serious about combating European fraud, and thus pave the way for it, but that is impossible with 110 different driving licences in Europe.
The current dictatorship, backed by Russia, makes it impossible to pursue any other policy.
I would ask you to consider the fact that, if too many farms in too many regions are forced to cease operating because we are not able or prepared to take the necessary short-term measures that are called for in our resolution, the cost to the EU and the Member States would be many times greater than the cost of taking appropriate short-term measures within the framework of the common agricultural policy.
Are not people allowing themselves be brought to the level of mere service-providers? What kind of protection is to be given to those who work in the media industry, now and in the future?
Mr President, I welcome the communication from the Commission on the promotion of apprenticeship schemes, which would have a considerable impact in reducing youth unemployment.
These include an atmosphere of openness in which the activity of civil society can truly flourish and in which unrestricted freedom of the media is a matter or course.
Nor does China shy away from doing business with governments that are pilloried internationally, such as Sudan, for instance.
The draft Constitution changes the fundamental principles through which the EU functions (right of veto, states' voting rights, equal representation in the European Commission etc.). These principles played a significant role in the accession of new states to the Union.
The money we spend, therefore, can be recouped later.
It is far more important that we should first define our negotiating position, that the Council should set out its position in relation to that, and that Parliament should eventually have to agree.
We need strong institutions.
I should therefore like to reiterate that I am totally opposed to the decision to prohibit the use of drift gillnets inasmuch as they are mainly used to fish tuna in Atlantic, where fish stocks are healthy. The arguments relating to the protection of marine mammals are groundless because the drift gillnet is a selective type of fishing gear, as has been demonstrated by scientific studies, based on recognized reliable methodologies.
in writing. - (FR) Without prejudging the basis and the validity of the approach taken by Mr Zapatero's government, it is not for the European institutions to adopt a position on a matter that, by its very nature - relating as it does to the status and the future of a province - falls within the internal policy of a Member State.
Further acts of hatred are aimed at any opposition - both the very small internal opposition from individual citizens, and the much larger and more organised opposition both within the country and from beyond its borders.
I invite you to re-read my inaugural address to you in January 1995 and judge for yourselves whether I have kept my word.
That is why it was created.
International experts recently confirmed that all precautions had been taken in terms of the safety of modernized installations.
The ARGO programme is meant to ensure the establishment of the same level of fortification on the EU's new eastern border prior to removal of controls on the newly-created internal borders in accordance with the Schengen Agreement.
FIFA has passed a decision that undermines this vertical relationship between the European Union and the Member States and is unacceptable.
As President Guterres reminded us, it is true that we do not intend to introduce new processes in Lisbon, but rather to combine those decided upon in Luxembourg, Cardiff and Cologne.
The fight against crime must be done with full respect for the rule of law.
It is in this respect that this House has significantly - and in my opinion rightly - altered the balance proposed by the Council by firmly and decidedly supporting a reinforcement of these guarantees of fair trials in all the amendments.
One of the best parts of being in Cancún was sitting on those buses going to and from the conference centre and listening to the delegates who would tell you about what they are doing: the Zambians working with the Russians working with the Japanese and the Chinese negotiator to get an agreement.
Part two
I do, however, object to amendments which accept the link between the looting of shops and the problems surrounding social security.
I would like to draw the attention of Hungarian parliamentary groups, as well as your attention, to the fact that unfortunately, the rights of the relative Hungarian majority living in Vojvodina are violated day after day.
The agency is squeezed by the way we go about it.
The rapporteur's proposals complement the Commission's initial text. We particularly welcome the calls for European quality labelling and the approximation of substantive provisions in criminal law.
. (FR) In the last few years, the news has highlighted food scandals and consumers are rightly demanding to be very well informed about the products that they buy.
   Mr President, I believe that we are all aware that this directive on environmental liability is potentially a key piece in the legislative arsenal aimed at making economic activities compatible with protecting the environment.
As a general comment, the presidency of the ?U issued a declaration stating that the ?U condemns the large-scale arrests, the unfair summary trials and the arbitrary and excessive sentences imposed on numerous dissidents for peacefully expressing their political, religious and social opinions and because they were exercising their right to take full and equal part in public life.
I should also like you to know that we have been monitoring that case for a long time.
(The sitting was closed at 8.50 p.m.)
I am against paying premiums on heifers and bulls and that is something the Commission should look at.
Faced with so much hypocrisy and cynicism, we prefer to abstain.
European politics is, as it were, an extension of Belgian politics, with a greater purpose.
We support the south African countries' request not to negotiate whether plants and animals or human cells can be genetically modified and patented, which would take money from the weak and make multinationals bigger.
This report could be accompanied by proposals amending, if appropriate, the date by which electronic identification should become obligatory.
Creating the post of High Representative and an external service will allow the European Union to answer this question.
This difficult response is not made without a high sense of moral necessity, and unfortunately it is impossible for us to make it without the risk that I have just mentioned.
We all agree that European information and ideas have to be transmitted via the media, but I am firmly convinced that the right thing to do is to continue – perhaps by means of joint projects – to support existing television stations, such as EuroNews, rather than to set up a Parliamentary TV channel, which I do not think is really going to appeal to people.
Documents received: see Minutes
I believe that this report is a balanced one.
As Parliament's rapporteur on the visa code, I would like to direct attention to freedom of movement and strongly urge both the Commission and the Member States to work to make this possible.
For many, the borders do not include Turkey or the Caucasus.
In my view, this will represent a major step forward in the implementation of EMAS, not only in terms of its democratic credentials but also from a managerial point of view.
Regrettably, the Council did not reply to this letter until 23 May 2008.
I strongly oppose using the WTO and trade rules as a pretext for preventing the EU from introducing radical environmental standards.
So I will get on with it.
That has to be better than an import ban, a case with the WTO and European hunters failing to live up to the standards.
In light of the exchange of views, I propose that we proceed to the debate in substance tomorrow.
This relates to the success story of the directive on the European Works Council.
We would not want to be treated by a drunken doctor and I do not believe that we should be treated by an over-tired doctor.
We have an ageing population.
I hope that this support and understanding will continue.
The second important point to be made is that the extraction of, and trade in, raw materials from Congo must be monitored strictly and on an international basis.
We have abstained from voting on Amendments 8, 16, 26 and 45, as we do not think that these amendments sufficiently reflect a good balance between, on the one hand, an effective reporting obligation to combat money laundering and, on the other hand, an advocate' s/lawyer's duty of confidentiality to his/her client and the obligations that this entails.
The ECMM and the diplomatic observers from EU states working with it form the European contingent of what is known as the KDOM, the Kosovo Diplomatic Observer Mission, which also has an American and a Russian contingent.
International coach operators would be able to benefit, at no additional cost, by filling the empty seats on existing services.
When you think that winter is now beginning in Bosnia, and work on houses which need repair cannot be started although the money for it is provided, that is more than depressing!
I particularly agree with the importance granted to visa facilitation and with the call for progress now to be made on visa liberalisation.
There is nothing about protecting the interests of the hapless, innocent citizen who might get caught up in the nightmare of a Europol investigation.
There is concern too about Union legislation taking precedence over national legislation in certain fields.
Whole regions were ruined, and families torn apart. But there were also fiercely determined battles, in spite of everything, to save an industry of which several generations of steelworkers were justly proud.
Mr Fazakas hid his past and lied when asked about it.
Hence we are also against paragraph 2 and are therefore abstaining in paragraphs 2 to 4, where there is block voting, since we welcome paragraphs 3 and 4 in principle.
If we are to assess the situation in Georgia properly, we must bear in mind - as Mrs Hoff also said - that it is not always easy for the people of Georgia to comprehend the transition from a communist system to a democratic society, since the former Soviet Union provided Georgia with massive economic support because of its geographical position.
I would like to say that it will be very difficult for the Danish Presidency to complete the pending issues from Seville in December.
Mr Ortega, the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum aims to express at the highest political level the common principles that should guide migration policy at national and Community level, and the strategic orientations to be pursued to give them substance.
Since the Dutch Government has resigned and parliament still has not adopted a position on enlargement, it has been agreed that the Dutch Foreign Affairs Minister will be present in Luxembourg over the next few days but will certainly not be saying anything.
The next item is the Council and the Commission statements relating to the situation in Albania and the results of the visit by the tripartite delegation.
That is why I voted in favour of the common decision agreed by the Council.
However, we do want to underline that the term terrorism is to be defined as proposed by the European Parliament, for I am a little wary in that respect.
The European Commission itself said in an action plan dated June 2008 that legitimate measures to reduce illegal immigration should not result in refugees being denied access to protection within the European Union, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has warned the European Union against making any attempt to undermine the Geneva Convention and the other additional forms of protection that are designed to ensure that Afghan refugees are not deported to Afghanistan.
We are not a voting machine for the establishment!
I would like to say, Mr Barroso, that Parliament, like you, wants a new partnership between our two institutions based on mutual respect and mutual trust, so that the European Union can become increasingly democratic, legitimate and effective.
The agreement that has just been reached and the unblocking of the blocked goods cannot constitute a definitive solution to the problems that have emerged.
In this respect, as a representative of my country, I welcome the special consideration given to rural development under the new Objective 2.
Eliminating tension and promoting balanced development in the Mediterranean third countries leads to greater security, prosperity and prospects for the European Union.
My question is as follows: how are these responsibilities to be coordinated?
It is centralized and the stability and growth pact usefully complements it, with the aim of ensuring lasting budgetary discipline.
I also believe that you even contribute to media pluralism through your proposed rules on mandatory services.
So, within this framework, what are the powers of Parliament?
We must, however, lend them a hand and, in particular, we must not take it away before time, when they need it the most.
   Mr President, allow me to put the following question to the House: would we be experiencing the current crisis in the European Union if economic growth and job creation were strong here, if the large European countries were offering us a different profile, if they were promoting the whole of the European Union and contributing to balancing the world economy?
However, we cannot support this Resolution if it includes unproven accusations which have not yet been judged by the relevant authorities.
We really are going to have to keep an eye on this.
I wonder, would the Commission consider only funding, from a safety and interoperable point of view, rail systems that are operated electrically, and phase out over a period of time diesel-guzzling locomotives - I know in my own country all the rail systems are operated thus - and set a target date to have safe, interconnected and environmentally friendly rail systems across the entire European Union?
The real world is far from idyllic, however.
Certain countries are not in a position to deal with these issues on their own.
Spain, Portugal and Greece only recently won back democracy and freedom.
It falls to each State to give power to its regions if it wishes to do so.
Let us remember that we are moving forward, that this is the first step and that a change is taking place which I would go as far as to say is almost revolutionary.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen: 'I do not agree with what you say, but I will do my utmost to ensure that you can continue to say it'.
You identified a new structure for Europol in the future.
I would therefore argue that Europe should actually implement this together with its partners worldwide, or else consider what the alternatives are.
Statement by the President
For example, there was a gap between commitments at EUR 2.69 billion and payments actually made in 1999 at EUR 1.27 billion.
We therefore fully support the approach of this report which improves, on a number of points, the already ambitious Commission proposal.
How can our farmers farm ecologically when the industries that supply them and those which are their customers impel them towards anti-ecological practices?
If, following an evaluation phase, it becomes clear that the legal framework for mergers needs to be supplemented in this regard, the Council will address this issue, too.
Even though I have something like six doctorates from five countries - most of them honorary, I have to admit - the instructions on how to use the telephones and how to set up the voice mail are nearly unintelligible.
Nevertheless, the report is characterised by interventionist ambitions and far-reaching proposals on ways for the EU to control developments in a number of policy areas in Ukraine, including energy policy, financial policy, telecommunications, water, tourism and education.
As far as Mrs Ghilardotti is concerned, we all know what a difficult job she had and she has.
To a large extent, the Commission agrees with the analysis prepared by the rapporteur, Mrs Van Lancker, and her recommendations concerning the integration of the Schengen acquis .
We need European criteria and inspection standards that are not solely open to the arbitrary will of individual states.
As was evident from the debate, the Council is primarily involved here, and the problem is therefore best resolved in the context of the trialogue.
At any event, preparing the Union for the forthcoming enlargement opens up a question outstanding from Amsterdam, and that is the question of strengthened cooperation.
As stated in the communication, although demand for agricultural commodities is also influenced by the biofuel market, Commission analyses indicate that current European biofuel production has little impact on current global food prices.
Its purpose is to clarify the fact that indirect advertising remains within the competence of the Member States and that they may enact advertising bans in this area.
That concludes Question Time.
We all agree that no Member State should use this directive as a means of lowering existing higher safety standards and here too I would be grateful if the Commissioner gave his views.
On Friday of this week, 23 October, at 15.00, several thousand people will commemorate the events of 1956 again on Deák Square.
It basically endorses the Commission's position in the draft proposals.
Innovation is solving common problems in Europe, meaning greater focus, faster developments, efficiency (cost-efficiency) and greater creativity.
This fundamental fact has fuelled debates at the European Council meetings in Lisbon and Feira.
For this reason we have suggested that a photograph be included for checking purposes, although not displayed in such a way that it could be seen by passers by.
I can only say that the efficiency and quality of the implementation must be the deciding factor when aid projects are allocated.
Thirdly, some of you have raised the question of data.
Because of this, we must expect Zimbabwe to give a clear indication of its ability and willingness to safeguard the standard of living of its nationals.
The debate is closed.
I will permit myself to remind our fellow Members and say that today in this House, there is a group of young Poles, invited by Members of different political groups.
This is why I shall be voting for rejection of the common position.
There are some people who believe that a greater Europe will be a weaker Europe.
I am not going to entertain a debate on this.
Madam President, for decades now, the Member States of the European Union have been making broad and benign progress towards the principles of equality of treatment before the law, of privacy and of personal freedom, so I hope that there will not be a retrograde step in any of the Member States on this issue of equality on the basis of sexual orientation.
Cultural differences have led to different rates on the same items in different Member States.
After that we have unequal access to job offers/lack of suitable job offers (56%), unwillingness to provide employment for an undefined period/on a work contract (44%) and lower-than-average pay for the particular environment or industry (43%).
This debate goes to the very heart of what the EU is all about, and it is becoming perfectly obvious that no nation can control its own borders, decide its own immigration policy, and at the same time remain part of the European Union.
If we wish to offer men and women equal opportunities on the labour market, then both women and men must be better able to reconcile work and family life.
We must offer them a clear outlook and, therefore, I consider predictability to be a key issue.
Finally, with regard to the overall development of aid and the manner in which we go about it, I should like to say that, in modulating and limiting Article 68, important steps have been taken; they are a move in the right direction towards a condition, to ensure that our global agricultural production model moves towards sustainability.
I further assume that we will have a great many more discussions about which monetary policy is really suited to guaranteeing the necessary future investments in Europe and the development of employment that we urgently need.
If we are frank, we will admit that no government has yet found a way to offer adequate protection to its citizens.
He is a little like King Canute, who wanted to stop the tide coming in but was unsuccessful.
I supported many of his amendments, and similarly most of my proposals were incorporated, with regard to humanitarian issues and the protection of asylum seekers’ rights, the need for rapid and effective procedures, detention conditions and the protection of minors and others who may be vulnerable.
I would rather see a much more specific timetable for enlargement than the timetables now established for the currency, the armed forces and the police - a timetable for more power to the Union.
How many times, Commissioner, do we have to listen to Aung Sang Suu Kyi, the democratic leader of Burma, ask the international community and tell the international community that only isolation and only sanctions will affect the SLORC.
That is why it is important that such an agreement should be reached on a democratic basis and that citizen's should remain confident in the controlling role of Parliament.
The full development of the information society will no longer be impeded by a grossly insecure legal framework and rightholders and their agents will have ways of protecting their interests.
There are a number of actions which are considered advisable along these lines, in tandem with existing measures.
I therefore welcome the Commission's initiative of a Green Paper to stimulate a broad-based debate on ways of eliminating obstacles to mobility at national and European level.
Burma is distancing itself from democratic values at an alarming speed.
I am sure this report will give food for thought to those Member States that have not signed.
At the time, we talked about the fact that it would be preferable to use Article 100, which deals with crisis measures.
This university label would focus less on the quality of the university as an institution than on the modules it teaches.
I should also like to take this opportunity to thank, in addition to Mr Liberadzki, the dangerous goods committee for their work, bearing in mind that that work has been carried out continuously in accordance with the international agreements in force in this field.
The debate is closed.
Finally, I also voted in favour of several amendments that aim to develop measures in the field of sexual and reproductive health, because they are essential in the fight against AIDS and the reduction of maternal mortality.
What is more, it strives for a completely antiquated after-care style of environmental protection.
Should we limit, out of simple common sense, the sacrifice imposed to prevent the despoliation of some countries, such as France?
It would be inappropriate to enter into speculation about any particular scenario in view of the respective roles of our institutions as set out in the Treaty.
Even though we gave them nonsensical borders, Europe and others rightly agree with Africa itself that, as long as Africa does not want to change the borders, we definitely should not advise it to do that, even if it is difficult.
Only in this way can Baghdad win respect and build trust, not only internally, but also in relations with the EU.
Firstly, and this is an issue which affects the Commission, as our chairman Terry Wynn has pointed out, we should ask ourselves why so many amending and supplementary budgets are needed, since they very often entail administrative costs because a new procedure has to be undertaken and, above all, because these distort and devalue the annual budgetary procedure, as we all know, because we have discussed this many times.
The only realistic way forward is for the minority peoples living in the southern parts of Russia to be satisfied with their circumstances and feel that belonging to the Russian Federation benefits them.
There should be a page on the Internet where information could be listed on all public aid in order to ensure transparency.
It is the small generators, the innovation which we have through the miniaturisation of engines, the intelligent grids we have through the development of software, together with new independent power producers, that will be the panacea of the market.
I do not agree with this.
What are we going to do?
May I point out to you that it is up to our constituents to judge us and not the body of members.
Democracy in diversity is the core task of this Parliament.
Madam President, I hesitate to try your patience. However, if I am to be not only addressed personally but attacked twice in a debate, I also have the right to respond to both speakers.
We cannot stand idly by when human dignity and democracy is trampled upon.
The crisis provides one more reason not to build the Northern gas pipeline.
Madam President, we cannot keep silent regarding the situation in Madagascar and we shall not be the only ones to condemn it.
However, if we decide to negotiate because we deem that it is the best way to defend European interests, we must negotiate well.
I feel it should be, so I am asking you whether that is the position of the College of Commissioners on this issue, to mark the seriousness with which we treat the whole need to reduce CO2 emissions and the whole climate change debate.
The latter does not, moreover, call into question the honour of the Russian people, who were also victims of communism, but it does denounce the horror of this totalitarianism, which has killed 200 million human beings worldwide, and which we are, it must be said, denouncing very belatedly.
What we need is a ban on the production and use of DU munitions.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, my thanks to the rapporteurs.
The agreement reached on 21 and 22 June takes up the bulk of the advances contained in the previous text.
On the other hand, I think that it is better that those countries that do not go as far should be brought up to a higher level, which will be ultimately better for the environment in absolute terms.
These reforms are also necessary because anyone who wants to appear credible at the world trade round - at the Doha Round - and in Bali will at some point have to say: yes, we need a reform of EU policy on subsidies.
What about investment in Europe?
The EU has already taken a decision of principle to maintain its high-level support for the Palestinian people for a further five-year period.
To achieve this, a radical change is needed in the way we produce and use energy.
They do not a priori pose a threat to global financial markets or the European economy; rather they are very beneficial to it.
Mr Stevenson mentioned that exports from East Europe are increasing: we are now expanding the area of the EU to include the countries of Eastern Europe.
Over these past years, with the White Paper on the new system of governance, the Commission has tackled the problem of the EU democratic deficit, relaunching the concept of grassroots democracy.
. (FR) I wish to express my support for establishing a new task, entrusted to a European Union agency, with a view to studying and more particularly to anticipating industrial change.
This is very generous of you.
But, Mr President, the best results take time to achieve: they are like mosaics, built one piece at a time.
This reform, involving Parliament, the Commission and the European Court of Auditors, is based on mutual trust and close cooperation, but in addition to this, we also need the support of the Council and the Presidency, because some Member States are still resisting the introduction of the national assurance declarations.
In other words, if we do not take biometric risks into account, then it will not be possible to address the other issues I have mentioned. But we are quite deliberately proposing an open style of wording, as chosen by Mr Ferri for the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market in points 7 and 8.
We shall have to discuss the entire package of structural support and the criteria on which we intend to base it.
   – Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I did not ask you what happened in May or June; I know that already.
We have waited for this reform package for years.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Günther for the high quality of her report which, of course, we expected.
I think that the victims of these practices must have the opportunity to have direct recourse to the justice system.
The European Union has also concluded a joint declaration with the Palestinians on security cooperation and is implementing a counter-terror assistance programme to assist the Palestinians.
I personally am a staunch supporter of stricter animal welfare laws and this Parliament's leading in the field of animal protection.
We do unfortunately have race conflicts and there is no equity at all for seed and tractors.
We then agree with the exceptions to the rule of the best service for the consumer when it concerns peripheral regions and islands, but in any case, we have a long way to go, and a lot to deliberate about before we arrive at genuine service of general interest in Europe within the principles of article 7d of the old treaty.
I nevertheless hope that your presidency will come to be even half as popular as a certain well-known royal princess - Mathilde - is in your country.
Even though GDP growth indicates our economic growth, people's participation is essential to achieving the required targets.
Today, unfortunately, the same situation occurred and the only solution is for the two parties to ensure full coordination of their technical operations, so that volumes and entry points match the requirements of the gas transport system.
It should be emphasised that the amendments tabled are aimed at tightening up the provisions of the regulation wherever possible.
All of this is set out in the Council's statement of 7 April.
I, myself, took several diplomatic steps, and was at pains to stress to both the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Michel, and Mr Javier Solana that it is unacceptable for a country, which signed cooperation agreements with the European Union on 29 April 1997, to detain a Member of the European Parliament, along with three other EU citizens and a Russian national, for a 14-day period, with total disregard for human rights and the obligations arising from the cooperation agreement.
In my view, the production of energy from nuclear sources is not an argument that should be discussed with feelings running as high as they are at present.
The third priority is that we must be able to evaluate progress in the implementation of the major plans which we have already approved, such as Europarl TV or the Visitors' Centre, which we would have liked to be ready before the European elections and which unfortunately is not, and the House of European History.
It will then be called Annex X instead. I rather think that the Commission should have been cautious and not made any changes this year until we had completed the modernisation, in which the principles are partly changed and laid down.
I will briefly point out some of the contributions that the report makes.
The truth is that we are trying to create 'Mindongs' in Europe, like the Chinese 'half-farmers, half-labourers' working under the worst possible conditions.
Regulation No 999/2001 on TSEs was finally agreed and entered into force on 1 July 2001.
Mr President, this time the subject at the close of the sitting is not fisheries, but competition policy.
Most importantly, if we are serious about fighting economic crisis and being competitive, we have to do it together, regardless of whether a given Member State is a part of the euro area or outside it.
We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation and collaboration.
There is though still a problem on the Moroccan side.
Achievement of these goals also requires that the EU should become active, and the precondition for an integrated, sustained development strategy, which encourages the exploitation of the internal dynamic in the mountain area.
As a result, the European Union is still too weak in its fight against the negative social and cultural repercussions of globalisation.
Because, if anything, when we look back over the changes that have occurred since the first direct elections to the European Parliament took place in 1979, there have been phenomenal demographic and population trend changes across the European Union, not least because of the expansion of the European Union into eastern Europe in 2004, which allowed for the free movement of so many people into other countries, which has altered the populations greatly.
A security agent compared it aptly with filling a water glass with a fire hose, in other words, particularly inefficient.
More and more, professional sports clubs resort to attracting ever younger players, particularly from Africa, for the obvious reason that they pay very little, if anything, for them.
But I do have one specific question for the President-in-Office, whom I also thank for her remarks.
Even that creates more than one class of research in the European Union.
In my country, it is taxed at 82 %.
We focus purely on security issues which, although important, need to be addressed in a balanced way with a policy based on respect for the law and the rights of individuals.
That is why I would like once again to draw the attention of the Commission and the Council to one of the provisions contained in the Rocard report on the future of cooperation between the Union and the ACP countries.
Only what the Member States have asked to be kept secret shall be.
I, therefore, support Mr Fassa's report, which makes a number of proposals for improving the links between humanitarian aid, development aid, rehabilitation and economic restructuring.
I say yes, Mr Prodi, to an initiative by pioneer States for a Europe that in no way underrates the importance of this broad Union extending from Portugal to the Baltic States, but you know we have to move towards an effective, democratic integration of the Community based on the results of the Convention.
We have no time to lose.
Very often, the same degree of sensitivity will kick in and the ideological bias is never far away when we want to apply the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality in specific situations.
However, the legal basis for this mechanism should be amended to use Article 174, which involves codecision; and the preventative measures should be extended to cover civil protection in third countries and marine pollution.
One hundred and fifty-six states have ratified the Convention, and the use of anti-personnel landmines has been markedly reduced in recent years.
He is saying that we want an economic union.
Secondly, the ready cause for complaint of those who want to apply the brakes would go: the party was not heard.
This, however, was not possible and despite the good will of the European institutions, the problem of reaching the agreements that were supposed to have been the minimum basis for solving the serious problems we have in this world was not solved.
If that were all, I might have had a problem in continuing to represent my committee's point of view but the committee did something else.
I therefore welcome today's debate and I welcome the positive contribution we are trying to make in combating unemployment.
Then, if we turn to Europe, we find these documents, one of which was produced yesterday by the Council.
Opening of the session
There is also a need for short-term prevention, especially against floods, which should consist of a radar network that is capable of calculating precipitation and, thanks to river modelling, can guarantee a reaction time that is sufficient to protect the civil population and properties too.
The European Council, however, despite its much-advertised social-democrat majority, remains faithfully fixated upon monetarist, neo-liberal attitudes and persists with the same policy as its predecessor.
   .– Public opinion sees the EU as, above all, a large-scale organisation far removed from the citizen, and as one offering tremendous scope for fraud.
I voted for the motion for a resolution on rising food prices because in six months, the cost of the food basket prepared by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), including 55 of the basic essentials, has increased by 34%.
It is for that reason that we must wait and hope that an entirely new British proposal will be put forward.
This is why tomorrow's vote on the proposed draft amendments will be so important.
To the outside world, the Parliamentary budget is still something like the European Parliament's calling card and continues to have a symbolic significance: How do we deal with the austerity policy - the necessity for this policy - as it impacts directly on us?
Nothing could be less sure.
What I can assure you is that we are sparing no effort at present to ensure the success of this operation.
Regarding the scope of the regulation, the European Parliament suggests a derogation for journeys of less than 100 km, as well as for certain categories of animals such as animals transported for sporting events and shows.
Everywhere I go, in every country, I see McDonald's, Burger King, Coca Cola, even outside Europe.
At times like these, when a recession may be looming, we find it even more regrettable that employment is not the main priority of the economic and monetary guidelines.
In Afghanistan, we have to work with the US not only to ensure a stabilisation of the situation there, not just for the sake of the country itself, but also because 90% of the heroin being used in Europe at the moment comes from Afghanistan.
According to Article 5 of the EC Treaty, decisions that it would be more appropriate to take at a lower level shall be taken at that level.
Why?
California and some other western states will be introducing them, and we will cooperate with them in order to have a similar system in order to link the systems together.
There are already numerous conflicts which have their origins in problems of the environment.
The most frequent obstacle, according to the officers engaged in its implementation, is often the lack of a right of arrest.
It is, generally speaking, more comfortable to leave that out, but this is a matter of extreme concern to the Irish Government, the Irish people and happily, also to the Danish Government.
Stimulating mutual understanding for, on the one hand, justified security concerns and, on the other hand, possible trade difficulties will, I hope, lead to practical solutions that achieve the right balance between those different interests.
It is not possible to do two things at once.
I think we should welcome them to the gallery and demonstrate our support for their cause.
We expect Member States to take their responsibilities seriously in both implementing and enforcing the ban.
We must have discussions with the Commission about this.
The need to take measures which impact directly on financial support for citizens still remains.
However, I am confident that our shared commitment to achieving a fair and balanced outcome to negotiations will help us to work towards a final package that will promote effective use of resources in support of greater prosperity for all the Union's citizens in the years ahead.
At the first stage, the need for the inclusion of a reference to the law applicable should become a component of the contract documentation.
Mr Tomlinson. If recital C has been withdrawn there is no further need to discuss it.
Yet, for reasons which they both express clearly, the Council and Commission today see everything in the reasonably short term, rather than providing a longer-term vision of our relationship with the United States.
EU Member States and European energy companies cooperate extensively with developing countries in the field of energy, yet it is not always clear how much the citizens of these resources actually benefit.
I cannot therefore understand the statements from the Turkish Government.
To give a short answer to Vice-President Durant's question concerning communication with civil society, I think that the European Citizens' Initiative is the best answer.
In the more mature age group, only just over 30 % of the applicants placed on the reserve lists were women.
Mr President, one of the most important results of the collapse of the Soviet Union was the creation of an independent Ukraine.
I also regret that the reduction in the number of industrial injuries and occupational diseases in particular did not include, for example, migrant workers, workers with temporary contracts, workers with low qualifications, and women in certain companies, such as small and medium-sized companies.
The firm appeal made by France, Romania, Bulgaria and Finland to the European Commission is certainly to be welcomed.
I will still be able to answer some of the questions.
The debate about non-conventional medicines, which is undoubtedly controversial, crystallizes that wider debate.
The second deficiency led to our naturally wanting a ban on the use of CMR products in cosmetics.
The Commission will make all possible efforts to support the implementation of these amendments by the Council.
That is why we ask that this organization be left alone to continue its work.
I have just one question for the Commission, Madam President: in our joint resolution, we are calling for an assessment to be carried out in order to examine whether a voluntary safety marking is available in addition to the CE marking.
The Council has now made across-the-board reductions, for example in the agricultural sector, but has disregarded the fact that we need to revalue in order to take account of the current value of the dollar.
(FI) Mr President, urgent action is needed to fight climate change and, just as has been said here, all industries that release greenhouse gases into the atmosphere have to be involved in that action.
We do not want to discourage Turkey from continuing on the path towards greater democracy and more human rights, or from giving the Kurds their autonomy in order to enjoy their culture.
I also, therefore, believe that there is a real moral and legal obligation to support this proposal for a directive establishing equal treatment between women and men in the access to and supply of goods and services.
Parliament will be watching to ensure that the Commission carries out its promise.
6 – The need to set up a European monitoring centre for drought and desertification integrated into the activities of the seventh framework research programme (2007-2013);
We would emphasise the subsidiarity principle and the fact that the Charter should concentrate on the fundamental freedoms and rights of citizens, as presented in accordance with the Member States' common constitutional traditions.
This is described well and clearly in Mrs Guy-Quint's report.
Subsidiarité oblige!
Commissioner, I would like to endorse what you said.
It is an interim report ahead of the final report that is to be tabled in 2012.
By thoughtlessly opening up its borders, Europe has created unemployment, job insecurity and poverty, difficulties to which no reference is made in the Berlin declaration, which is a monument to cynical self-satisfaction, totally detached from reality and from the peoples, offering this Europe of ours no content, whether worldly or spiritual.
For example, in countries like Bulgaria, exports for the first 11 months of last year fell by a whole 24% compared to the previous year, and imports by 35%.
Common principles and objectives must therefore be established, and the relevant action taken.
It must prepare a genuine road map for its representative, who might serve as a facilitator or negotiator in successfully bringing about a peaceful resolution of the conflicts.
This is the message which the presidency is sending Serbia and the Serbian nation and the region as a whole today, and we shall do everything we can to help in this direction.
That applies to the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, Ireland and Luxembourg.
We have taken a giant step towards a Europe of citizens with this Constitution, as by enshrining in it the Charter of Fundamental Rights, by EU accession to the European Convention on Human Rights and by simplified access to justice, citizens’ rights have been given an enormous boost.
I want to thank our President, Mr Hans-Gert Pöttering, for his speech that conferred dignity on this event.
The SOLVIT centres have received a lot of praise, and I fully support this.
Thus, European monetary union is constructed in such a way that the most legitimate parliamentary control is also the most impossible.
We should support the democratic opposition in Belarus and condemn violations of citizens’ freedoms and human rights.
At this point, I would in particular like to thank my colleagues from the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, and in particular Ole Christensen and his advisors, for their contribution.
Mr President, Mr High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, I would also like to congratulate you very warmly on your new post as High Representative and wish you all the luck that your new post requires in order that it may be a success, both for you and, above all, for the European Union.
That relationship may be said to be the reflection and the measure of the involvement of a parliament, as a legislative body, in the political direction of a constitutional system.
I hope that I have never knowingly oversold to this House the achievements of the common foreign and security policy - or even its potential under the existing Treaty.
Article 145 of the Treaty on the delegation of implementing powers has still not been amended whereas lawyers generally consider that it should have been.
She accused the Estonian Government of disregarding human rights, and the European Union of conducting a silent cover-up with regard to the 'Bronze Night' and the trials that followed in Estonia.
I can therefore only oppose the report amended in this way, as it adopts neo-liberal principles in advocating an employment policy that ignores the person.
The Commission also agrees with the rapporteur about cooperation with the national parliaments and with the national administrations as part of the efforts to find solutions to problems raised by petitions.
We thus continue to monitor the situation very closely and will explore any opportunity that could help stabilise the situation in Sri Lanka and lead to a peaceful, negotiated resolution of the conflict.
It could take place at the committee chairmen's meeting, or wherever you wish.
At the time, of course, the court decided or stated that it had no reasonable grounds on which to establish that the ruling had not yet been applied in full.
oral question to the Commission by Mrs Berès, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the EU answer to the challenge of sovereign wealth funds - B6-0165/2008).
We also note that the Commission needs to correct the maps attached to the text sent out as certain ports are missing, despite the fact that they meet the requirements which I have mentioned.
This might be the case for the majority of the Pacific Island countries.
Economic, financial and technological globalisation, the current or potential emergence of new global, political and economic potentates, have forced Europe to seek responses at national level to defend, deepen and export the humanist project initiated in the last century by the post-war social state under the rule of law.
First agriculture: With the ad hoc procedure still open, and with it the possibility for the Commission to submit a letter of amendment to its preliminary draft budget, we - the two budgetary authorities - will be in a position to adopt a realistic budget appropriation which meets actual expenditure requirements for 1998.
The underlying 'polluter pays' principle, furthermore, engenders serious reservations, as it permits those with economic clout to generate pollution. That is clear in the liberal philosophy behind emissions trading.
In particular, we all recognize that the structural funds have to change in the near future and that the common agricultural policy must be reformed in a quite fundamental way.
There are now delays not only in SIS, but also in the Visa Information System (VIS), as both projects are being developed by the same company.
. There is much to commend in this resolution, especially in terms of sustainable development.
However, I would like to emphasise some of the elements of the debate which may be very useful for the purposes of today' s debate.
in writing. - (PT) Following the redundancies in 2007 of 1 549 workers from Opel Portugal in Azambuja, from Alcoa Fujikura in Seixal and from Johnson Controls in Portalegre, the Portuguese Government submitted an application for the mobilisation of this Fund (EUR 2 425 675) to cofinance actions such as 'vocational training and skills certification' and wage compensation to 'encourage' workers to accept lower wages.
The question therefore arises as to how we should deal with such situations in the future.
Our aim must be for the engineers of Europe to get up each morning and take pleasure in trying to build machines that work more efficiently in this world in order to utilise our children's raw materials better and considerably more efficiently.
We must reject the proposal put forward by Finance Minister Waigel, that the rules be changed during the game and that special arrangements be applied to some countries, such as Italy and Belgium.
So, for any scientist or naturalist, being described as an ostrich is not an insult, but an honour!
The government is right to look boldly at new ways of disposing of residential, industrial, commercial and agricultural waste.
I think the European Council achieved very important results, namely on two matters.
Three things were important to us.
You are absolutely right but equally we have rules about separate votes and the same ruling applies.
In this regard, I support your proposal to have a lively topical debate with the President of the Commission.
It brings together more than 500 million inhabitants of ten countries, which are very diverse - as Mr Ford has said - and in general have great potential for growth.
By definition a group is a number of individuals.
The European Parliament believes that the digital switchover will bring tangible benefits if the additional frequency spectrum released as a result of the change in technology is reallocated on a flexible basis and at European level.
But, with all due respect to you, Mr President-in-Office, in view of the fact that Sweden constantly promotes equal opportunities, I would have liked Secretary of State Ekström to be here.
I hope the other European institutions will follow its example.
Consider the question of consumer health as more important than the interinstitutional wrangling between Parliament and the Commission on the question of whether there should be a full codecision in cases such as this.
Awareness of this issue should therefore be raised among businesses and public bodies.
However, we should certainly utilise the opportunities.
In addition to this, the Commission has tabled a proposal to revise the directive on the fuel quality.
Our fellow Members ought to know that under the Treaty of Lisbon, all the measures that would have been adopted under the third pillar before the Treaty came into force will remain beyond the control of the Commission, and moreover, of the European Court of Justice for a period of five years in such sensitive areas as respect for fundamental rights and freedoms.
I believe that the European Union has a major role to play in ensuring that we tackle head-on the menace of international terrorism.
Finally, it must be ensured that, during the Year and in all the Member States, equal importance is attached to all the grounds for discrimination set out under Article 13 of the Treaty, namely discrimination based on sex, ethnic or racial origin, religion or beliefs, disability, age or sexual orientation.
Finally, and briefly, Mr President, Mrs Jöns has mentioned the high levels of school drop-out.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is one of the lessons we must learn from Seville, where there was an even clearer awareness that some problems cannot be solved purely at national level, and there is a need for courageous, far-sighted policies and decisions at European level.
Parliament had relatively little time to look at it and inevitably not all of the compromises which were necessary to reach a favourable outcome were achieved in committee.
A directive was approved in 1993 which accepted the exception.
   – Mr President, the democratic principle in the Union's foreign relations, which we are debating today in the wake of the report by Mr Agnoletto, whom I congratulate, raises a series of crucial questions.
Thank you even for your sceptical comments.
It is therefore especially pleasing to have the opportunity this evening to praise Mr Gahrton for what is in every respect a well balanced and sound report on the South Caucasus.
The Special European Council in Luxembourg on 21 and 22 November 1997 tasked a high level group of experts with analysing industrial change in the European Union and looking at ways of anticipating and managing change as well as its economic and social repercussions.
The first question is whether this is a matter for the European Union. Or is it a matter which naturally falls under the principle of subsidiarity, i.e. is it the responsibility of the Member States?
I particularly welcome the section which recognises that the CFP has been an unmitigated disaster and that the EU must learn from its failures in delivering an integrated maritime policy.
Enlargement of the European Union in all its stages meant it acquired new neighbours.
We also need a realistic date for digital tachographs.
This proposal would bring about very significant improvements for consumers in the market for timeshare and similar holiday products.
Until now we issued recommendations on the efforts required and hoped for a result, but that result was in the same spirit as the written forecast.
Were Iran to develop a weapon, this could be a cause of radical instability and danger in the Middle East.
The agitation of recent weeks would then actually have been nothing but play-acting.
Which Western Government would stand by and let that happen in its own country?
I hope that, thanks to the Stubb and Brok resolutions, our European Parliament will clearly help to abandon the pretence and stop forging ahead with the enlargement strategy.
I would stick to the Commission's principle and propose a combined committee made up of Directorates-General III and XII, which would make a critical, scientifically sound proposal after three years on whether these tough rules need to be maintained and implemented.
It should begin its work as soon as possible, to increase Europe's importance in the world.
Through the guidelines we are seeking to ensure that Community priorities are more fully integrated into national and regional development programmes supported by the Union.
So I would ask you, Mr President, to ask Mr Schulz, on behalf of the Socialist Group, to bring this back to the Conference of Presidents in due course.
The choice ought to be simple.
We therefore call on the Commission to withdraw this agreement and to replace it with a proper international agreement.
Of course we need research, innovation and education, and of course we need the internal market to develop in a way that protects the environment and stabilises society's resources.
It is because we said to ourselves that, if we waited too long, particularly if we waited until the new US President were elected, the situation could continue to worsen and we would have no answer.
The Agency has lost 20 % because of these.
Commissioner Kinnock will without doubt restate the Commission's commitment to it later today.
That really tells you that the institutions are more popular than the leaders and that the country is moving in the right direction.
Our bid failed.
I would ask you to remember that our debates here are not a preliminary to the Italian election campaign, which is essentially what all your manoeuvring is in aid of.
I understand Mr Hortefeux is with us today.
Implementation of the first railway package directives (debate)
We want to support the WTO accession request, initiate negotiations for an EU-Iraq agreement on trade and cooperation and progress on the opening of the Commission delegation in Baghdad in 2006.
Ireland's actions clearly breach those court decisions.
Furthermore, piracy-related services are being offered.
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution, which approves the annual report for 2009 and presents guidelines for the future.
Clearly, there are a number of medical and social problems that have not yet been adequately addressed in the regions concerned, which do not possess the facilities that we have.
After President Milosevic failed to respond to the peaceful policy of the Kosovo Albanians under Ibrahim Rugova for seven years, the province found itself in a kind of apartheid situation with the abolition of its autonomy and the Kosovars turned radical.
Although rural areas and this sector represent more than 60% of the population and their jobs, their share of the European funds for ACP countries is virtually non-existent.
I will come back to that later.
Once again, I wish to stress and reiterate the point that this matter deserves a common European policy that addresses fundamental 'issues', such as a) the adoption of 'burden-sharing' policies amongst all the Member States b) the revision of Dublin II c) adequate financial support d) an assessment of the viability, or otherwise, of developing centres such as job centres in countries of origin and transit e) the development of a realistic return policy f) the implementation of timely integration policy and g) the fight against organised crime (involving trafficking in people), xenophobia and racism.
I would like to stress that the new DCI should provide a basis for targeted and more flexible aid in situations of fragility.
Nevertheless, we cannot be satisfied with the joint text.
2002 must not be a lost year.
Not the sort that we have in my country or in yours.
We are sure that there will be an important "reform dividend" as the modernisation measures begin to foster increased efficiency and better management in the use of resources.
You insisted, as Commission, that we should proceed to a motion of censure.
To my mind, given that many countries already have appropriate rules in this sector, the derogation in Article 7 of Directive 98/319 ought to be maintained, or this sector should quite simply be incorporated into the 1993 directive.
The cooperation was quite constructive and the results are, above all, significant.
I am the Commissioner responsible for animal welfare.
In fact, both the political opposition led by the former prime minister Mr Tshisekedi and the ADFL have reacted negatively to his appointment.
The PSE Group gives broad support to the conclusions on climate change.
Mr President, I would like to ask Commissioner Fischler what exactly he is doing here.
These are important tasks for 2007.
The Commission is right to say that the system of funding adopted by the Member States must comply with the principle of proportionality and must not influence market conditions and competition in the Community in a way contrary to the interests of society.
   , Mr President, my group welcomes this resolution, especially Recital I and paragraphs 8 to 13, which take the broader view of the issue that Mr Horáček and I wanted to see.
There have already been some reports of children dying from malnutrition, particularly in the Bulawayo area.
It has problems but we need to extend a helping hand and offer them help to fix those problems.
Please allow me to end with a glance into the future.
The progress so far, however, has been quite slow.
That point is very unclear.
However, I would be pleased to give you more detailed information, though I do not want to do so before the House.
This is where adherence to the subsidiarity principle is a matter of priority.
As you can see, the main policies that are concerned in this food crisis and can help resolve it are agricultural policy, development policy and trade policy.
Employee pension funds own a large share of Danish businesses.
I welcome the existing initiatives and, in particular, the European Forest Fire Information System - the pilot project.
Traffic jams are a major contributor to air pollution, noise pollution and fuel waste.
Because the Member States can no longer fund their debt unless they resort to the markets and abide by their conditions, which means that, today, 15 to 20% of the budgetary expenditure of a State such as France covers only its interest payments.
It should be pointed out that since then almost all our Member States as well as the European Union itself have established diplomatic relations with North Korea.
It is very hard to draw the line between nuclear safety research and new reactor research. In order to avoid a fresh proliferation of nuclear power, however, the distinction must be made before any further projects are commenced.
Through this explanation of vote, I should like to put on record my vote in favour of the Camisón Asensio report. My main reason for voting in favour of the report was the explicit call to speed up the 14 Essen projects.
(Applause)
A parity law governing the electoral lists of the political parties has recently been adopted and practical results are expected.
The Customs Code has to be adapted to fit the electronic environment.
We must not close our eyes to the enormous payment arrears in several items of the budget in these headings.
I should just like to use three words.
We need to join forces and step up our efforts to end discrimination against Roma and make sure they enjoy the same rights as any other European citizens, because that is what they are.
Every year we decide the overall number of hectares to remain unproductive.
These are instruments that are in place but are being not used. That leaves me with the impression that Member States are not willing to protect human rights, that they are timid when it comes to international protection.
As for Belarus, we have to make it clear that Europe does not have a problem with the people of Belarus but with its oppressive regime.
We believe that the Commission's proposal is appropriate and that Mr Inglewood's report goes into detail on certain aspects, in particular the reference to the commitology procedure and the explicit reference to the commitments made by the President of the Commission during last February in relation to the participation of Parliament in the development of the legislation on the financial markets.
Mr Fabre-Aubrespy was right: we were simply voting on the addition of four words, the usual four, in all the amendments. These are the four words which distort the original intention of this report, intended to cover mountain regions exclusively, given that - I repeat - arid areas have already been discussed and Arctic areas are to be discussed at next month's plenary.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all, I would expressly like to thank Mrs Dührkop Dührkop for the excellent work she is doing in the way of follow-up to Budget 2000.
(FR) Madam President, I would first like to thank the Council and the Commission for agreeing to Parliament's request for a debate on this issue: a very topical issue that is of concern to us.
We need stricter rules for the export of arms components, the transfer of products via joint ventures and the re-export of European military goods to third countries.
No more must the EU promote nuclear power, as the Euratom Treaty specifies that it must.
Mrs Espinosa will understand and the House will understand that I am delighted to offer her the floor, due to the friendship, warmth and admiration I feel for her.
I have already remarked that the efforts of individual states will not suffice.
The fact that the Treaty of Rome contained an article expressly mentioning equal remuneration for men and women, and that the passage of 50 years has left us at almost the same point, should bring home to us the fact that on this issue a lot of work still remains to be done.
I am opposed to European Community officials being accused of criminal acts at the drop of a hat: whistle-blowing is a method that has no place in the third millennium.
I am certain our rapporteur will do that in these difficult circumstances, particularly as we have never had to be guided without having a European Commission in place.
In contrast to this response to monetary issues on the part of the United States, Europe in general and the euro area in particular remained faithful to the principle of budgetary discipline, to a strictly controlled monetary policy, thereby leaving room for the markets to play speculative games at the expense of the less robust economies of Europe in general and the euro area in particular.
The Right preaches austerity to us, claiming to defend future generations against the burdens imposed by our generation.
The common interest is obvious and clearly defined.
It is our job as the European Parliament to make sure that the public is protected, but also that our companies remain competitive in this global competitive struggle.
   . – The rapporteur sought to propose that the Court of Justice should have its competence broadened through the revocation of Article 68 of the EC Treaty.
It was not contested in any way in the course of the recent ratification campaigns, which bodes well for this institution.
A large number of European manufacturers are capable of putting alternatives on the market.
Alongside the Lebanese objective, we should set ourselves a broader aim: the ‘two peoples, two states’ solution to the Israeli-Palestinian crisis will pull the rug out from under the feet of terrorists and Islamic fundamentalists.
Finally, one last point: biological terrorism.
I am also pleased that the Cohesion Fund is to be maintained as a support mechanism for major projects in the sectors of transport and the environment in Member States whose GNP is below 90% of the Community average.
The imperialist EU is equally guilty and equally responsible, as the thousands of soldiers in the area bear witness.
Ultimately, it decided unilaterally to abolish the ecopoints system on 31 December.
Interest rates are low, inflation low and stable, and in many European nations, the level of unemployment is on its way down.
We have disastrous floods.
There is no need for new powers in respect of civil protection and disaster prevention; they would result in twin-tracking and wasted money in administrative systems.
Secondly, I wish to place on record that, in respect of the reports which I have heard on the question of the oral submission, I find a number of points within that submission quite disturbing in terms of interpretation of the will of Parliament.
   I should like to take this opportunity to welcome to the distinguished visitors’ gallery members of a Chinese delegation led by Deputy Minister Qiu Yuanping.
I can inform you that the new Commission meets for the first time on Saturday this week.
Advertising of products causing such suffering and so many deaths is clearly unjustified as many Member States have already decided.
We can accept Amendments Nos 4, 5 and 16, and, in principle, Nos 14, 15, 19 and 26 as well, with a few reservations.
The proposed measure has a strongly preventive character.
The emotion of the tragic terrorist attacks of recent months must certainly prompt us to strengthen judicial cooperation between the Member States without delay, but in speeding up this process we must take things one step at a time and act responsibly.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let me start by joining in the congratulations to Mr Daul, who, I think, out of all the people in the plenary today, has taken on the most difficult job.
Let me say first of all that I and my group can also congratulate you warmly on your statement.
So in view of the new possibilities of physical and chemical analysis now available, and also in view of the consumer information directive, revision is essential.
(Parliament approved the Commission proposal)
We have tabled some amendments to this end, and I hope that the amendments proposed by the Committee on Budgets pursue the same objective, because at the end of the day how can we make it clear that Turkish accession is possible in the distant future if we cannot honour our own obligations pursuant to a valid international agreement?
It is a question of justice; it is a question of sensitivity.
European political parties are by definition much further removed from the bed of our citizens than national parties.
It is, in any case, the philosophy underlying this resolution.
I also endorse her criticism of the Council's attitude to Parliament: consultation did indeed take place at a very late stage.
It has now been decided to establish an early-warning system in the Indian Ocean region.
Well, there were 15 'yeses' to five 'noes', three times more 'yeses' than 'noes', and seven abstentions.
We should remember that we are basically deal here with a very precise element, namely patent law and the fact that this directive makes a clear distinction between discovery and invention.
Applause
That will stand this measure in good stead.
Finally, we would also like to remove, firstly, the paragraphs suggesting that motor sport and Formula 1 racing can possibly contribute to more environmentally friendly technologies and, secondly, the paragraphs that allow manufacturers to produce vehicles that emit extra CO2 if those emissions result from legally binding measures at EU level.
The EU highly values the opportunity it has to discuss its concerns on human rights with the Russian authorities.
(SV) Proper animal protection is a necessity in a modern society.
They are affected by more than one million accidents each year, which also implicate serious health risks, such as viral infections, hepatitis C, AIDS and so forth. However, this is not only of significance to health workers but also to hospital patients and their families.
One wants to return to the pre-1999 days; in other words, he wants the break-up of the two entities.
We are talking about coordinating action, we are talking about imitating what is basically happening in other sectors, as in the example of industry I mentioned to you.
You do not have a project for transforming Europe environmentally and socially.
So we need to ask another question as well - in the context of the European Union, what damage occurred to neighbouring countries owing to the action and events in Kosovo?
That is not what matters now.
There is no question that chemical matter penetrates the soil and gets into aquifers and crops and therefore there can be no question that particles of depleted uranium which are in contact with the soil disperse into the subsoil, contaminating underground waters and agricultural produce, obviously resulting in the spread of disease among exposed populations and, to a lesser extent, worldwide through the water cycle and the cycle of elements, especially in an ever-expanding global market system.
It is also important to guarantee that these products are safe and effective.
I believe the European Social Fund needs specific and simple rules.
This is a key sector for the new economy and would entail considerable risks for the sake of economic and employment growth.
The increase in the numbers of Members of this place requires a complete re-ratification of the Lisbon Treaty.
As my colleague, Mrs De Palacio, said yesterday, the Commission can confirm its support for all the amendments tabled.
Yet while Germany has demonstrated its desire to face up to its tragic past, Russia still lacks the courage to do so.
(CS) Mr President, in light of the fact that the words 'too little too late' have already been uttered many times when assessing the social package, I shall give my assessment: the mountain has given birth to a mouse.
I am entirely convinced that the cooperation that we have been able to put in place during this first reading and that follows on from the common position will enable us to reach a consensus with the Council and with yourself, and I am counting on you, Commissioner, to pass the results of this debate on to the Council.
Our demand is not selectively applicable and the Commission should therefore regard this as a suggestion to look into the use of Community funds in regions around Israel.
I have already heard details of the new allocation, Commissioner, and thank you for giving the innovative measures greater scope.
Madam President, once again, devastation caused by floods is the subject of a motion for a resolution in Parliament's topical and urgent debate.
A reliable British magazine has reported that towards the end of 1998, the number of young people dying from the new variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease quadrupled and yet we have no information on this matter.
There is currently a new set of rules derived from Commission and Court case-law in need of codification.
The proposal essentially serves the interests of both parties, and it is therefore right to approve it.
However, I would like to make a few comments with regard to the important points which have been raised here and in the report.
Practical steps are being taken to make an ethical foreign policy a reality.
This is an attack by the big multinationals on the public postal service, the public ownership of this service and the public administration that has to provide it, as well as on its democratic nature, attempting to wrest from the power of each people, i.e. from their national sovereignty, the control and power of decision on these crucial issues, which go on to be decided at supranational level by the EU institutions, following interests alien to the people and to Portugal.
Modernising means adapting systems to the new social and economic conditions in which they operate.
I nonetheless believe that I should have managed if I had really put my mind to it.
At the end of the analysis and repair phase, we will have a precise idea of the resources that still need to be implemented before SIS II can be started up and of the corresponding schedule, as Mr Vondra just said.
Regional aid and innovation must be complementary; its incentives must be organised in such a way as to prevent distorting effects.
Our work was based on the recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry and the progress reports from the Commission, which were submitted monthly.
Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, Commissioners, the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities, which I have the honour of chairing, welcomes the Commission's initiative to introduce a more compact and integrated political planning procedure.
I am positive that in the past month the government of our country has once again rendered an unbiased analysis of problem areas and has declared its determination to deal with them.
   . – Mr President, Commissioner, there are not very many of us in this Chamber, which does not mean to say that we are not deliberating serious issues – far from it.
I see this as a really important thing to do, particularly since the persons concerned are so seriously affected.
I noted with great attention the fact that all governments in Europe have said that they would fully respect the independence of the Central Bank.
Instead, the net effect for most of the developing countries will be negative.
I am not going to go into the details, but I would like to focus on two or three aspects that I consider key.
It was evident from where I sit that it was the same majority.
The European economy's problem is a lack of confidence, which stems from economic policies which are not able to inspire that confidence.
However, there is a need, through policies and measures at regional level, to strengthen support for research, development and innovation, together with the development of education and the skills needed by Europeans to ensure an inclusive labour market.
That is regrettable.
   The debate is closed.
Anything else would mean that we had learned nothing from past decades, and I ask that that be taken to heart once and for all.
Does he specifically exclude any veterinary or pharmaceutical treatment of the disease, either where it occurs, or as a prophylaxis in areas which could in future be affected?
This is in fact the first fundamental proposal to be made since the adoption by the Council and the Commission of the programme of measures to implement the principle of mutual recognition of judicial decisions in criminal matters.
With this resolution, we are urging the Member States to work on the Lisbon objectives and keep their economies healthy.
We hope to satisfy the anticipated demand for labour in the future not by fostering innovations more actively – one of the most important means of increasing work productivity, but through migration.
Her crime is to have given birth to a child after her divorce.
If you look at the UK Food Standard Agency guidance it says that there is a small group of people who cannot safely consume aspartame.
They will therefore continue to operate independently, in accordance with the structure of the national systems.
I very much endorse the remarks he addressed to the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
In the United States widespread criticism of methods adopted by the government in the fight against terrorism is evident, whether it is to do with the policy of detention without trial or the way in which the heavy hand of the state is being imposed in areas like this.
The news about the application of the death penalty is also disheartening.
I feel that raising the maximum level is important for trans-European networks in general.
Parliament approved the Commission proposal
We now ask for it to be done immediately afterwards.
Nevertheless, the evidence contained in the BEUC report and the lack of satisfactory evidence supplied to the Commission give some cause for concern.
The utterly despicable terrorist acts against civilians are perpetrated by Palestinian extremists, not by an army duly equipped with weapons, although in saying this I am not absolving the Palestinian Authority of errors and weaknesses which have harmed the cause of a just peace.
Likewise, 9 May has a different meaning for us.
In the current context of the financial turmoil and economic meltdown, the importance of full compliance and effective implementation of all WTO rules and agreements cannot be over-emphasised.
At the end of October, the EU will discuss internally the progress of its role in the resolution of the conflicts in Georgia.
   Mr President, action against terrorism has eroded human rights and is eroding the protection of ordinary citizens’ privacy in Europe and outside it.
Unfortunately, there are many countries - as we have also heard in the debate here - which have not yet implemented the existing directives, and this is a huge problem.
This evolution must not, however, be allowed to become a revolution.
Madam President, the Florence summit and the Intergovernmental Conference are confronted with problems that show up certain weak spots.
Basically, that reaction leads to the position of Mr Lannoye, which really is that he does not want any sweeteners authorised at all at any level and would like them all taken off the market.
Most Socialists - apart from some notable exceptions - voted against allegations of mismanagement and the need for urgent reform of the Commission in December.
between 2007 and 2009 it will be 56 hours;
Terrorism creates a state of mind.
These two programmes form the nucleus of our action in the field of the European strategy for gender equality and for the strategy of the civil society organisations working in the field of gender equality.
Several times, Parliament has come out in favour of an end to nuclear weapons.
How are we doing that?
I endorse Amendment 53 from Mr Jørgensen, Mr Bowis and Mr Sacconi, which prescribes that chickens should be kept at a density of 25 kg per square metre, and that this density may be increased to a maximum of 30 kg per square metre if the owner complies with certain conditions.
Agricultural policy should do more to protect smaller family farms, because they are run in a more environmentally-friendly manner.
Of course, we must also ensure that this Community instrument is developed into a transparent instrument with which we can work together for the future of our regions.
You erected a smokescreen which cannot make us accept, in particular, a competition Commissioner who, in the kind of phrase already used, you will find is a fly in the ointment until the end of your term of office.
Mr President, like everybody else, I too would like to pay tribute to our two rapporteurs for their cross-party working.
However, I remember your statement that, if any member of the Commission were unable to perform their duties, you would have no hesitation in asking for their resignation.
This report contains some very questionable assertions about both scientific and legal matters.
If the Union insists on the same procedure for the first and second parts, what is the point of splitting the Treaty in the first place?
The United Kingdom has had to deal with the Irish Republican terrorism of Sinn Féin/IRA for over three decades and as they say themselves, they have not gone away, you know.
We cannot subcontract a matter such as the Lisbon Treaty to the European Council alone.
The EU policy vis-à-vis China is one of engagement.
Mr President, I would like sincerely to congratulate Mr Lannoye for the quality of his report.
Mr President, I should like to start with a little irreverence which only your Irish colleagues can take the liberty of doing.
I and my services have been working seriously on it and I believe that the report for 2010 will be of the highest possible quality.
For one thing is quite true: the question that we have to discuss here is how far removed is Europe - and, above all, how far removed are the Member States that make up this Union and the governments of those Member States - from citizens' everyday problems?
We want to have a broad debate on our relationship where all significant issues will be addressed, from trade to investment - which is booming - and energy, democracy, and also human rights.
All shared information must indicate the stage of the proceedings affecting the person concerned and the database from which the information was obtained.
It has a political dimension which affects consumers and, by extension, the internal market; a political dimension that raises ethical issues.
The next item is the report by Mr Claude Moraes, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the extension of the scope of Directive 2003/109/EC to beneficiaries of international protection - C6-0196/2007 -.
We have a problem, and it is a big problem.
I also welcome the fact that NATO reaffirmed the Black Sea region's strategic importance, given the security risks that are predominant in this area.
The fact that between 1995 and 2002 farm incomes in the European Union rose by an average of 7% highlights the very large disparities between countries, between crops and between producers.
The joint debate is closed.
These activities have convinced me that old people want to be active and are very quick to learn.
The situation in the outermost regions of the Community is completely different.
What has happened is that the World Bank set up a study on the extraction industries, which, after two years of consultation with public bodies, governments and business, has produced a report which is damning with regard to its development policy.
Voluntary activity is a bonus that we, as citizens, offer others.
I would like to see European Union-Canada relations strengthened, and for us to be able to move more and better toward air space with fewer barriers between states.
In spite of the high degree of confidence that we have in the Commission, we cannot regard simply having a future exchange of letters as satisfactory.
   . We are not involved in issuing propaganda.
We have been waiting for these actions for over 20 years.
The Meissner report is a balanced text that incorporates a series of important factors and requests.
In other words, creating the necessary conditions for sustainable peace requires efforts of a different kind, aimed at generating a mind shift among divided communities.
All of this is absolutely essential. We need technological change and institutional reform.
On the question of labelling, the Commission cannot support Amendment No 12, for the following reason: The Commission is of the opinion that if a food has a smoky taste, the consumer should be informed whether the product contains smoke flavourings or has been smoked conventionally.
If we are allowed to name only one Capital of Culture, that means that each country would have a turn only once in a generation, and we cannot expect the public to put up with that.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, at a time when Europe is facing difficulties, with rising doubts and declining enthusiasm, we are about to celebrate an undeniable success, the 40th anniversary of the Customs Union.
For years the Commission has been asking for jurisdiction in this very area, but even the UK presidency has failed to be moved.
For these reasons we abstained.
I come from an area in Northern Ireland that has a standard of identification and traceability which is as good as any ever will be.
Secondly, human rights are a topic of discussion also in other countries in the region, and remain so.
Opposition to the Commission's proposal for agricultural reform among farmers, among ourselves in the European Parliament and among agricultural ministers must have to do with their not wishing to see the broader context.
The question, perhaps, is when exactly?
We had a problem with designating an additional 18 Members of this House because certain Member States did not actually plan for a procedure, but we decided that representativeness is the most important issue, that this is the principle which we should be guided by and that this House should have a balanced representation as quickly as possible.
The first point I would like to make is that cutting greenhouse gas emissions is both a European and a global objective.
It is clearly up to each individual Member State or candidate country to decide which ways and means to use to ensure support from its citizens.
As you will understand, I would not want this high level of consumer protection to be compromised.
Applause
This reorientation also means - and even that was not so simple - that a change of consciousness has taken place, at least in some Member States such as Germany, Greece and Ireland.
I believe that it will be very important in supporting the free movement of people within the European Union.
I therefore call on Members to support the Committee on Transport and Tourism in tomorrow's vote on the directive at first reading.
We shall put the ball back in the Council's court.
I am very pleased that you support the reasoning behind this proposal and the manner in which that reasoning is translated into action.
Synthetic drugs such as ecstasy, LSD and amphetamines are dangers to the public health of the people of the EU and I am happy to see that the vast majority of Members in the European Parliament recognises this fact.
I am delighted that the European Parliament has drawn significant attention to the fact that we must facilitate the integration of people with disabilities in the areas of education and training.
I am pleased that Barack Obama has won the Nobel Peace Prize, but if he does not come to Copenhagen and if he does not put forward a decent proposal, then he will be frittering away his credibility and, for that reason, he must deliver something at Copenhagen.
President Pöttering, I too would urge you to consider how our work can and should continue in the run-up to Copenhagen.
These two decisions do not go in the right direction.
A method of alignment has been designed regarding the proposal for regulation, aimed at the exemption of certain categories of horizontal aid from needing to be notified to the Commission.
We must therefore have food legislation which is all-embracing from a health point of view.
It is affecting unusual groups of people in a way not normally associated with E coli outbreaks.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: see Minutes
The Commission is therefore in the process of looking at ways of transferring this task to an appropriate independent body under an amended regulation.
I hope that our joint efforts will be rewarded with a constructive spirit and a desire for compromise among all our institutions.
We cannot restrict legal status to workers; we must also include workers' families.
The Agenda for New Skills and Jobs looks at how to help our young people to become more employable.
   . We MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the resolution because, unlike the European Parliament, the workers have no reason to mourn the failure of the Intergovernmental Conference on the 'Euro-constitution'.
The fishing fleets of the Member States still fail to show the necessary adjustment of capacity, nor does their structure conform to expectations.
Slovak-Hungarian relations have deteriorated recently.
Those who are reacting are the very ones to whom I was referring, so my message has clearly hit home.
You must understand that there will be no reduction in the level of standards of animal health welfare or traceability.
Therefore, Parliament's three-year plan is essential to make enlargement successful.
Water is becoming an ever-scarcer resource, so it needs to be managed in a way that makes it available and accessible to all.
For the past five years the Commission has become fatally addicted to constitutional change.
I believe that this is an issue that deserves a debate in plenary with Baroness Ashton present.
What improvements do we want to see?
However, I would also like to take up the words of Zeng Jinyan, Hu Jia's wife, this morning, who said that China is moving in great steps towards an open and democratic society.
If it was a hymn, it was to something that I would regard as a very active policy by the Union to attempt to help solve one of the most serious conflicts on our continent.
We can clearly see in Libya that the United States did not want to be in the front line and that NATO's minimum undertaking is insufficient.
Some people were for it, others against.
We believe that at the very least the following must be guaranteed for Greece: no change in land use; immediate general compensation for agricultural produce and damaged agricultural capital; the rehousing of all rural residents at the State's expense, through government agencies.
It is by working in this direction, Mr President, that ACP and European countries will no longer find themselves on different playing fields in future negotiations regarding agriculture and world trade.
Allow us now to send this signal, so that they may know that we seek partnership and friendship.
I therefore welcome the rejection of the report.
It might also be worth explaining the possibility of utilising interest subsidy loans. They could be, for example, easier to administer.
These freedoms concern, as they must, the citizens of the Union first and foremost.
The violence against the Roma scapegoats in Italy reminds me of the anti-Jewish and anti-Romany pogroms of the 1930s.
I would therefore like to make it clear that I am sorry to see you have been so badly misled and deceived.
It will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity’.
Similarly, we must say that the new agricultural policy supports the production of biofuels and, of course, the housing sector and the construction sector in general are very important sectors in which we can achieve important results.
As the honourable Members have already mentioned, it is no longer an issue which only concerns vulnerable groups.
The attempts to link development of strategic cooperation between the EU and Turkey, which is a matter of immediate importance, with the negotiation process, the dynamics of which are slowing for objective reasons, are also disturbing.
I would like to make one more observation.
Humane trapping
Considering the importance of access to raw materials, the Commission welcomes the discussions in Parliament on this issue. The Commission particularly welcomes the amendments to the first draft of the report.

Therefore as far as I am concerned, I am firmly opposed to anything that runs counter to this basic biblical principle.
The European Union will only cope if it rises to the challenge posed by knowledge, knowledge that takes the form of technical and industrial developments.
The new constitution raises questions on an international level.
This 'trade' in human beings risks undermining the confidence of citizens and aggravating the shortage of voluntary organ and tissue donations.
It is high time that through the adoption of uniform provisions, both for certification services providers and for consumers, consistency of law is achieved, so that - as is the case when credit cards are used - they will then know exactly to what extent there is a risk of them being threatened with liability.
I would also stress that we need constant guidelines from the Council and the Commission, for we cannot manage on the same budget as last year. It was only thanks to the patience and tenacity of President Wynn that we were able to reach the end of the year.
(NL) Mr President, although Schengen stipulates that checks on the EU's internal borders must be removed, it also stipulates that we have to monitor our external borders.
They took the flight and were stranded, and so they had no information that would have protected them.
The challenge that you undertake is at the core of what we do.
In our opinion, the report makes a constructive contribution to a debate of fundamental political importance and, furthermore, is very timely.
Of course, we are working closely with that authority and we, like the European Central Bank, have helped prepare this new round of tests with the EBA, but it is the EBA that is mainly responsible for this.
For too long we have sung the praises of that country as an example of democracy, forgetting the social inequalities and the corruption that was rife throughout the country: 16 billion dollars in aid have been received by that country since independence and there have been just four presidents.
Finally, I wish to focus on the European dimension of education and training, which requires mastery of a second language.
Madam President, the recent riots in the Chinese province of Eastern Turkestan when the Chinese authorities executed a large number of Uighurs confirm once again what a terrible reputation China has when it comes to respecting human rights.
We are now well into the third year of discussion on this piece of legislation.
Cooperation in the fight against crime is necessary.
These three issues must be closely followed up by our committee and by Parliament.
It is indeed an ideal tool to achieve a great deal in education and in a social context.
There is a risk that people will become resistant to important drugs if they eat products treated with growth promoting agents.
For reasons that I have yet to understand, our friend Mr Martin has sought to reinstate it.
The real problem, the problem of the undervaluation of the dollar, has never been addressed.
The European Union will need to be consistent if it is to carry the weight it deserves.
The final point that I would like to mention is the Alpine Convention.
We must make it clear to people in the Balkans that peace and reconstruction are only possible in the context of the European Union.
We must not allow a repetition of the events of last year, when the human rights debate foundered because the extreme right used their votes to prevent the House from adopting a report on the human rights situation.
These two themes are intimately linked.
However, I believe that we should adopt more general systems of social security, which would apply both to open-ended contracts and to part-time employment: in short, the intention is that these forms of employment should also be provided with adequate social security cover, not that open-ended contracts should be weakened.
They are uncertain as to what the current hike in oil prices will mean, how long the side-effects will last and what to expect in the long term – their future.
EU funds are not a horn of plenty that can constantly finance measures within the agricultural sphere.
I have to say, respectfully, however, that, given the sentiment within Parliament this morning about the urgent and pressing need to find agreement on future financing, I am not entirely convinced that raising this issue with our colleagues from Paris, at this particular stage, would be considered the most constructive contribution the British Presidency could make to finding agreement on future financing.
The priority now is to ensure that trade policy and European agricultural policy work together in a global context, facilitating access to the markets of developing countries, while, at the same time, enabling them to foster economic development through these practices.
I mentioned this when I presented my report on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism a few minutes ago.
The Commission is aware that human embryo research is subject to the ethical choices and the regulations which differ from one country to another.
(Applause)
That is why I am in favour of proceeding in a cooperative way with the work that we have been doing up to now.
There has been a strong increase in cross-border marketing of investments within the European Union and the directive itself is used as a model for legislation throughout the world.
Fishing in the European Union is multifunctional in nature; it contributes towards the integration of the social and economic fabric of coastal areas, representing a way of life and a factor for cohesion in large areas along our coastline, while at the same time guaranteeing food supply.
The 'EU Pilot' project, which was launched a year ago in 15 Member States to test the new method for reaction to complaints, could be extended to the other Member States, but the lack of information on assessment of its operation does not, unfortunately, allow Parliament to comment on this issue.
And what was the percentage contributed by Member States to these projects?
Besides, this is not just a question of money but of expertise as well.
One important step could be for the governments of the Member States to be able to sell emissions right to companies at auction.
I believe that we irritate our citizens with these activities, because taxpayers have to finance our trips, and it costs them a great deal of money.
These new, much more powerful sonars – one of the loudest sound systems ever devised – have sparked an epidemic of strandings, internal bleeding, deafness and lung damage wherever they have been tested.
I also find unfair the suggestion that we have done too little, too late.
An agreement will be signed with Lebanon on 17 June and negotiations with Syria are continuing.
At a time like the present, when we need to stimulate economic growth, we cannot neglect the strategic role of this sector.
Armed with such data, we need to study the root causes of this decline.
I would ask the President-in-Office of the Council to forgive this technical incident and to remain in our debate.
The red-tape environment in which SMEs operate must be simplified.
We have already been waiting for them for a year now, if not three or four years.
Although the 2002 regulation controlled animal diseases such as BSE, dioxin contamination and the spread of other animal diseases such as foot and mouth disease or swine fever, in order to make further progress in this regard it was vital to lay down requirements with regard to the questions of responsibility, traceability and the end point for slaughter by-products.
Five years later, whereas there have been enormous gains in productivity everywhere, the Council and the European Commission are incapable of proposing substantial improvements to the 1993 directive and the specific decisions dealing with excluded sectors.
Observers, including observers other than those mentioned by Mrs Pack, identified so many irregularities, and where observers were not present all manner of things may have happened so that one can in all fairness talk of systematic fraud.
I argued that there should be a gradual opening-up of the various programmes to all of our neighbourhood policy countries.
My complaint concerning PHARE is that the Commission has not been willing to carry out a combined analysis.
Then we should not have to be dealing with this sort of technical work.
On the other hand, a number of the Palestinians to whom we spoke - not all of whom lived in the territories - did not share this happiness; they were not always able to give us comprehensible reasons for this, and we sometimes had the feeling that their reasons were inexplicable.
In other words, there has been a reaction that should be taken into account, because it is an existing, current, immediate, short-term reaction by the European Union.
This Parliament learns, but not always.
We need to make sure that the legislative process does not come to a halt.
Such a theory corresponds to a mercenary conception of the construction of Europe that would make the enlargement negotiations considerably more complicated.
Europe needs to define itself through a horizontal cultural policy cutting across all policies.
I share Mrs Kinnock's concern that, at this rate, we will not get there by 2015.
I would point out here, for example, that in Italy the Prime Minister has established an ad hoc group on satellite navigation systems, thus attributing great importance to this sector.
Has anyone calculated to what extent the shortage of electrical energy will affect EU competitiveness?
The accusation the Commissioner made here that it is for people in favour of abolition and that we who are against it want to support the hidden subsidies to the alcohol, tobacco and travel industries is not true.
The settlement was unquestionably a good result for the European Community and in no way detracts from our longer-term objective of seeing those laws repealed.
Russia is a strategic partner and supplier of raw materials for energy production to the Member States of the European Union, including my own country, Poland.
(Applause)
The reality is that, in today's circumstances, we have no choice.
Agreement between the EC and Israel on certain aspects of air services (
The international community must maintain its resolve.
(The sitting was adjourned at 7.25 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.)
The UN's Convention on the Rights of the Child is only mentioned in the case of Romania.
It is a crucial issue both for the European Union and the world's poorest countries, which is why I am working closely with Commissioner Piebalgs on these issues in order to also adapt the EU's development policy to this issue of food security better.
I therefore agree with my fellow Members that we should make this subject an absolute priority in our work over the coming months.
Because they are disadvantaged areas, restructuring activities stand very little chance of success.
We needed to look at various issues: the hospital issue, the small and medium enterprise issue, the medical devices issue.
Europe, and Member States in particular, are facing the major challenge of improving, during this decade, vocational education and training, for example, and making it more attractive and improving its quality.
I am also surprised that, despite the adoption, in 2001, of an initial resolution which aimed to provide asylum applicants with a decent standard of living and to enforce respect for human rights, our rapporteur has attempted to restrict these rights, which flies in the very face of fundamental rights which are also an acquis communautaire.
There were a large number of British soldiers in the Balkan War and, of course in the Gulf, and as a British Conservative I will say this: Of course, we are concerned about the possible impact of the use of depleted uranium, but against the background of Mr Solana's statement, we do not believe that NATO should adopt a moratorium on the use of such weapons.
Thus, Mrs Thors' report highlights that the average rate of notification - and I quote - "for transposition measures taken by the Member States as a whole is 92.8 %' .
Why then disrupt the present organisation, which works well and ensures the effective independence of system operators, thanks, in particular to strong intervention by the regulator and putting in place strict rules to guarantee equality of treatment and a quality service to all users of the networks, even those who live in regions with a natural handicap and very remote regions.
In this resolution Parliament is calling out to the European Union, demanding an international independent enquiry into the events and the identification of the dead, missing and prisoners, demanding unrestricted access to the international press, humanitarian organisations and observers, demanding that the UN monitor human rights in Western Sahara and demanding the immediate release of all Sahrawis detained in Morocco or in the occupied territory of Western Sahara.
(PT) It has been said here already, and it is true, that Copenhagen was a disappointment, as not a single politically binding agreement ended up being approved.
Kosovo must not be abandoned to its own devices.
I am not just pleased that he has come here, but also that there have been two issues fundamental to this Parliament on which he has helped us positively and demonstrated his political sensitivity.
Of course this family had arguments, but, as far as we know, they lived happily together, and I think that should serve as an example to us.
The main problem we faced was the issue of comitology.
To date, the airport use costs imposed on airlines have been passed on to consumers.
The solution is to take our workers out of that global arena with its unfair rules, and that will require new customs technology for deductible customs duties.
I should also like to remind you that, on Wednesday, 25 October 2000 before this House, Mrs Wallström, speaking on behalf of the Commission, specified the latter' s role in the field of civil protection and explained the opportunities offered to us by the current Budget in terms of how the EAGGF and ERDF Structural Funds might be deployed, together with the Interreg 3 Community initiative which, in its inter-regional chapter, includes cooperation in the field of natural or industrial disasters.
In fact, I am delighted because over recent weeks – and I hope that the delegation from the Committee on Transport and Tourism that will visit my region next week will be able to see this – we have managed to overcome and resolve a technical problem involving the ERTMS, which has meant that we have been able to reduce the distance enormously and make passenger transport by rail in Spain even more attractive.
The women' s march for equal opportunities and the affirmation of differences still has a long way to go and is effectively full of dangerous paths.
People are getting worked up about particular cases just now, but what is far more serious is that we do not have a reliable overview of the scale, nature and results of the suspected internal cases investigated by the Commission.
They are the backbone of the EU economy and their concerns are at the heart of the Services Directive.
.
Forsmark is a good example of this, Paks is another, as is the Brunsbüttel nuclear power plant in Germany.
But, prior to setting the date at which exports under the scheme were to commence, a mission of the Food and Veterinary Office to inspect the operation of the scheme was carried out.
In addition, we have responded to calls from Parliament to include a list of simplification measures and withdrawals of legislative proposals in the Work Programme.
in writing. - (IT) I am voting firmly in favour of this motion for a resolution on stepping up the European Union's disaster response capacity.
They do not accept euro-scepticism, the fear of Europe.
President-in-Office of the Council.
We know how to alternate Community responses - and I hope the arrest warrant and our response will be worthy of us - with the proper degree of subsidiarity.
Gas is also the cleanest of all fossil fuels.
We wanted it to have its own line in Article 128 - under culture.
I have been campaigning throughout my career for every citizen to be put in charge of his or her own health, but this can happen only if people are properly informed
Subject: Competition policy and cartels
Naturally, our work is continuing, and we will verify, as soon as the Belgian authorities have provided us with the necessary information, whether the PCB certificate can also be applied to pork and beef.
We have the same goals and we can learn from each other, but we need to have the means to translate the wish-list into actual achievements if we are to ensure that happens.
This should also help us to respond to the many doubts that continue to clog up the formal process which should lead us towards legally binding solutions, within the United Nations framework and preferably in Mexico.
Let us consider where we stand today.
In a restricted market, Europe's share must not be allowed to contract. It must therefore be expanded.
I am sure that all my fellow Members are of this opinion.
Had we done so, Germany would not have had a problem in either 2002 or 2003, or even this year, while France would have had a problem in 2002 and 2003, but not this year.
What has happened in the last few days, apart from the humanitarian drama?
My group would like to ask the competent international organisations and appropriate regional organisations to recommend adequate preventive measures to stop weapons reaching such groups.
the recommendation for second reading from the Committee on Transport and Tourism on the Council common position with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on international rail passengers' rights and obligations (05892/1/2006 C6-0311/2006 (Rapporteur: Dirk Sterckx).
As the strategy for the Baltic Sea region also shows, the active engagement of all those involved is vital, from a local, national and regional level, to a European level.
If you never go back to that service station, you will never be able to return the can or bottle that you bought there and will never get back the deposit that you paid on it.
Madam President-in-Office, Commissioner, all we can do here is talk.
This method of ratification has proved to be a mistake and one referendum on a single day would have been better.
It starts with technicalities: ECU 1, 300 million in compensation, reduce the set-aside premium, cut the suckler cow premium by 5 %, give preference to bullocks over grass-fed animals, fail to reach the guideline, quibble, hurl money to the ends of the earth, to Nicaragua, to Papua New Guinea, but nothing for our farmers!
We managed – with the help of the Commission, of Commissioner Piebalgs and many others – to defuse the crisis within four days, but the problems have of course not gone away.
In particular, are the target values for sulphur in parts per million for petrol and diesel vehicles still too high at 200 and 350?
(DE) Madam President, yes, I also voted against the report on a smoke-free Europe, although by doing so, I am subjecting myself to what is tantamount to a witch-hunt, even in the House by the way.
Competition policy is an essential tool to enable the EU to have a dynamic, efficient and innovative internal market and to be competitive on the global stage, as well as to overcome the financial crisis.
Various Member States, however, make re-insurance companies subject to their national regulations, individual supervision and group supervision.
The first victims of this underground economy are the legal workers, the citizens of the Member States, whose legitimate economic and social rights are threatened.
There will be those who, in the course of this debate, will ask what we are actually after – after all, they will say, do we not have the Commission to issue communications and enact guidelines, and the Court of Justice to lay down the law? – and to them I have to say that that is evidently not enough, and, moreover, it does indeed contribute to the prevailing legal uncertainty, for the Commission, with its communications and guidelines, does nothing to create legal certainty.
Let us hope, therefore, that the question of flexibility and the financing of the ITER fusion energy project will also fall into place soon.
Therefore it goes under the responsibility of the Commission and the Council to explore ways of establishing a transparent and legally sound procedure for the authorisation of the transfer and extraction of relevant data as well as for the conduct and supervision of data exchanges.
The next item is the report (A5-0138/2001) by Mr Ferber, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the Draft Supplementary and Amending Budget 2/2001 of the European Union for the 2001 financial year [60/2001 - C5-0153/2001 - 2001/2026(BUD)].
The industry would be very grateful for his confirmation that the proposals would not contravene any existing trade legislation.
It will therefore act as a pointer, a pointer to the position of the European Union on the international stage and in any action that is proposed to secure global respect for fundamental rights.
What do worry me - and I address this to the Commission - are the quality indicators, because I am afraid of borders of States and countries.
I think the verbatim report of proceedings should record the fact that Mr Vandergheist, whom I see sitting here, has worked magnificently.
I am the author of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001.
Unfortunately, the debate was presided over by Mr Siwiec, who, it seems, still cannot get used to the idea that democracy without the engagement of the people amounts to nothing.
Europe' s role is also to invent an alternative foreign policy based specifically on preventing conflicts, on the need for ever fewer arms.
.
It is necessary to establish an appropriate structural policy for the next seven years, which will promote economic and social cohesion, while meeting the general requirement of greater efficiency and transparency.
European Union solidarity obliges us also to support the countries which have been worst hit by the crisis.
A fundamental change is taking place. Of course, it is too slow, but at least things are moving, and that in itself is a major step in the right direction.
This report, to which I think I can say my group made a satisfactory contribution, is a good message to send to the May summit in Madrid, and I hope that it will contribute to the results of that summit, and help highlight the fact that it is essential to move forward in the strategic relationship between the European Union and Latin America and the Caribbean.
That involves condemning what we have to condemn, and doing everything possible to prepare, by all democratic means, for free elections as soon as possible, so that the people of Iraq may be sovereign once more.
It concerns the implications of the dam on access to fresh water in the region as a whole.
We will be in an even better position to do so when we have seen the text - which needs further improvement, as Mr Brok and other Members have said - of Parts III and IV of the draft.
He said it was OK, but he missed Ghana.
Botswana is one such case.
There is little point in doing that in our view.
If we are to make an investment of tens of millions for just a handful of people, the money is certainly going to be in the wrong place.
The Council ruled on this new wine-making process in Regulation (EC) 2165/2005 of 20 December 2005.
They obviously thought there were some problems.
I want first of all to thank Mrs Krehl for her report and for the open and inclusive way in which it was produced.
The Commission was not bound, by the provisions of Article 40 of the Euratom Treaty, to consult the European Parliament.
I did not give you the floor because I did not wish to confuse two different issues.
I do not want to repeat much of what has been included in the communication or in the report, and I begin by saying that I am very happy that we see eye to eye as to how we can solve and deal with such a difficult and important problem.
You have displayed a great deal of courage and tenacity in pursuit of this statute, which has not always been an easy matter.
(IT) We have not voted on the original text.
I have spoken to a few people in my country and I was told that such a long time would probably not be necessary.
We have political disagreements about a lot of things but, when it comes to making the open coordination of employment policy more transparent, we stand shoulder to shoulder, and I would especially thank Mr Schmid for clearly pointing out that the employment strategy must not only be a process driven from the top but also a process developed from below and involving everyone practically engaged on employment policy.
I will dedicate the rest of the time available to me to a few brief comments on the report by Mrs McKenna since, although our group had requested a joint debate on these reports, this has not been the case.
a woman's dignity and her involvement in one of the most meaningful events in life, maternity, is treated only from the viewpoint of reproduction or the control of a sexual right.
The proposal for a directive on the sale of consumer goods and associated guarantees has presented us with fundamental problems because there is not enough information about relevant law in the Member States.
Currently, the world uses a little over 3 billion m3.
It should be emphasised that both the Commission's strategy and Parliament's report reflect the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon - what it says about energy solidarity and its concern for energy security and supply.
Despite this, in the first decade of the 21st century, the EU is lagging behind in terms of ICT research and innovation.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I was not surprised to hear Mr Dell'Alba ask, as a point of order at the beginning of this debate, to what extent the Commission should be involved in the discussions, given that it has no formal powers in the field of human rights in the Union.
And who is resisting them?
We owe it to our electorate, where possible, to exercise democratic control.
I also see the introduction of the amendments made by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament as positive, as they have moderated the rapporteur's initial position on the protection of individually transferable quotas, as advocated by the Azorean fishing organisations.
3.
That concludes the debate.
The European Union must be ready to support Ukraine's efforts but Ukraine must also do its share of domestic reforms.
I should like to touch on three more issues.
The debate takes place at a crucial moment in the crisis with Iraq.
I hope you will not object to my mentioning it, and I ask for your help.
We feel that there is a clear need for coordination and synchronisation between the social and economic dimensions.
The debate is closed.
We have chosen the right path.
Obviously we would have liked more guarantees with regard to how the national parliaments and the ACP-EU Assembly will be involved in monitoring the implementation of the agreements.
It is then up to us, with the kind help of a number of MEPs, to see how, by means of derogation requests, we can undo the nitrate legislation, for example, in order to reach the goal, this being a reduction in nitrate levels, in a decent fashion.
   Mr President, next Friday the Council will make a decision that will affect the future of the European Union – on opening accession negotiations with Turkey.
The result was that the Germans got their way, and consequently there is no requirement to allow asylum seekers to work if a decision on their case is not forthcoming within a year.
Because there is no strong and integrated legislation on genetically modified organisms (GMOs) that is able to provide guarantees for consumers and industry, the process of granting marketing authorisations at EU level has been suspended for the last three years.
Mr President, farmers in the Member States of the European Union, especially the Mediterranean, are being called on to foot the bill for reform and enlargement, in that present hardships, miserly quotas and exorbitant levies will be compounded by dramatic cuts in what are already depressed prices for basic agricultural produce, with no compensation in return.
Mr President, I would like to put some questions to the Commission.
That is why we voted against the joint motion for a resolution.
But these tests only show positive after a certain period of time in the contaminated donor, a period during which antibodies are produced yet during which the antibodies are still not sufficient to be detected by the tests.
It has taken nearly a year.
And as we reduce the number of ships and the Community fishing effort, we have to apply the amounts needed to maintain fishing capacity.
The role of NGOs is particularly important in this context.
This is an important road safety measure, and I would thank everyone for their work and for the agreement we have reached.
Two weeks later, we can be cautiously optimistic.
The Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations deplores this and stresses its interest in this sector, which could allow considerable advances to be made in environmental terms (renewable energy sources, bio-fuels, etc).
Inflation remains high, as do interest rates; the banking system leaves something to be desired; the central bank does not appear fully to understand its role, there is little progress in the development of trade; the government's grip on the economy continues to be strong; the market economy is underdeveloped.
It is true that the European Union has not indicated a percentage for the use of the Funds: it is up to the towns, cities and regions to decide.
   .
There is some confusion over the new IAEA guidelines, because the International Civil Aviation Organization's own guidelines and requirements are not taken into consideration and that organization is very concerned.
The purpose of this report is to establish at an early stage Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument.
This would not have been possible without a spirit of cooperation and compromise on all sides and the political will to make it happen.
Your Commission launched the Lisbon Agenda and inaugurated the euro.
I should like to make that quite clear.
(DE) Madam President, I would like to make a personal comment on the basis of Article 145.
In particular, I agree with public information on standards of water quality, to be delivered via a simple and universal system of signalling, involving symbols.
Thank you.
That will lead to increased social tension and more struggles to protect social and labour rights and to prevent increased exploitation.
Aparicio Sánchez report (A4-0071/98)
The major achievement of the Irish presidency was to secure agreement on a Treaty that establishes a Constitution for Europe but, allied to this, a key priority was to communicate Europe better to its citizens.
This is partly justified.
Instead of reducing emissions by 6% compared with 1990, emissions in Canada have risen by 26%. The production of tar sand is the main cause.
It is possible to achieve the second.
We take the view that what we proposed in the Transport Committee is more environmentally effective, and that it maintains a higher standard.
Much has been said about innovation.
We have condemned Basque and Irish terrorism.
This is the case for two types of expenditure: those concerning the operation and those concerning certain geographical areas.
The HADEP Party is savagely persecuted, Leyla Zana, the recipient of the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize for the defence of human rights is in prison, and we do nothing.
However, in a democracy and in a democratic parliament, all sorts of views are heard.
It is essential to obtain a legally sound Europe, but above all in order to obtain a democratically strengthened Europe.
It is in this spirit that the Commission would welcome the amendments to the text proposed in the report by Mrs McCarthy as a further step to clarifying that objective.
The first is that important advances have been made in regional and social cohesion throughout the Union and that the Community Funds have been a major, although not decisive, factor in reducing regional inequalities.
It would be extremely interesting to know what are the Commission' s and the Council' s analyses of this question.
As far as I am concerned, the European package as a whole could quite easily be fleshed out a little bit and the powers of the European Member States could be increased once again, as long as it is clear what is European and what is national, and as long as we find our way out of the diffuse intergovernmental and Community structure in which we find ourselves at present.
It is important that there is no gap left between the Kyoto Protocol and the next climate agreement.
(RO) Mr. President, climate changes represent one of the most complex problems of the international community.
Let me just remind you of the Delors White Paper, for example, the Santer confidence pact, the annual reports on employment and the reports from the Council of Ministers of Social Affairs and of Finance.
The problem is that Mr Catania's report is harmful to the implementation of fundamental rights.
I am pleased but not surprised that there is strong concurrence between the opinions of Parliament and the Commission on the matters under consideration, not only the desirability of enhanced standards of performance in terms of road safety but also the general strategy to be adopted at Union level in order to achieve that improvement.
Secondly, as time is pressing, will you propose these changes to the rescue mechanism at the next European Council meeting in two weeks' time?
I recommend setting up a consistent long-term information action plan by the EU, with the aim of reducing the scepticism and mistrust toward the EU among the 4.5 million Croatian citizens.
In this context, the framework agreement being negotiated at the moment is important, but we must not fail to respond to several fundamental issues, in particular: the progressive democratisation of the regime, respect for human rights, changes to the criminal justice system, with the abolition of the death penalty as a first priority, and signing up to the Geneva Convention.
I wonder, more out of interest than out of criticism, whether the Member States and Commission are able to get a fully-equipped Commission delegation up and running in time.
Getting the Member States to adopt the anti-discrimination package is now our top priority.
I am alarmed to see the findings of the European Environment Agency: increased nitrate content in more than 60 % of rivers, deterioration of the water table, increase in the quantity of pesticides in water, etc.
We can only be satisfied if we create a credible and responsible Agency that is entrusted with enough power and an adequate budget to cope with its task.
It is also a political arena with all the different views reflected, as is demonstrated here all the time.
The total costs of transport and the prices charged in many cases bear no relation to each other, and the Commission proposal is a laudable attempt to improve this situation.
Twenty years ago the inhabitants of this country were able to travel freely to both the East and the West.
Mr President, I wish to lodge a complaint regarding the fact that, for some time now, the night sittings - such as that on Tuesday - have not been covered in the press reports. In my opinion, we cannot discriminate against individual policy areas.
At the same time, it ignores the fact that 70% of new power stations in the United States and 50% in Japan use solid fuels, such as coal, because production is cheaper, even if initial investments are more costly.
Some of the latter do not link into a specific point of importation. Consequently, they do not link into a cross-border point either.
We can also examine how sustainable economic development in Europe is progressing and how we can refine our environmental policy.
In this regard the focus of the fund on disadvantaged areas is of particular importance.
Equally, people who obtain refugee status in Malta must be able to move freely in Europe, whether, I might add, that be in Malta or in any other country in which they first set foot.
Indeed the Commission welcomes very much the positive attitude shown by Mrs Randzio-Plath, as chairperson of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, vis-à-vis the report of the Committee of Wise Men under the chairmanship of Mr Lamfalussy.
Consequently, Parliament must make it very clear today that we are talking about the citizens of Europe, irrespective of the Member State concerned.
It is therefore necessary to ensure political and financial support for new infrastructure projects like the Odessa-Brody-Płock pipeline, or the Nabucco gas pipeline.
This is in fact a good budget.
According to Article 49 of the EU Treaty: 'Any European State... may apply to become a member of the Union'.
The Italian situation is a very difficult one, with 677 boats involved.
It is time for some action across all areas of politics, because the sad numbers of victims show how the action taken up till now has been unable to control this situation.
Firstly – and I am going to be very brief, Mr President, because you asked me to – there are the networks of hotlines where users can report illegal content; there are 18 Member States participating.
The answer to that, of course, is that it must be.
I think it is very positive that we will be deciding to make a larger proportion of the European Refugee Fund available in future.
We also need to understand why Turkey has a number of serious fears about Iraq, especially the integrity of Iraq.
As for criminals, information about them could be registered where there is good reason for supposing that they are about to commit a crime or where they have committed very serious crimes.
As far as the Commission is concerned, it will only be possible to tackle regional tensions and demands for more autonomy or for independence if a regime, a system, is introduced in Indonesia, that truly guarantees unambiguous political accountability and transparency of statecraft, and lives up to the expectations of the large, democratically-minded majority of citizens.
The large number of sectors and businesses affected by the crisis and globalisation make questions as to whether the present European economic model will be viable and sustainable inevitable.
There are three types of reaction to this phenomenon: there are those who pay, there are those who leave the country and there are those who do not pay but who then pay a very heavy price for not doing so.
On the roads, it is left up to the Member States to decide whether they charge any tolls at all.
It has never been implemented fully.
But there is the rub: the London based media is at its idle best in reporting the European Parliament, it does not.
However, we must also continue to reduce the burden of taxation on the workforce, in accordance with each country's situation, by improving the quality of public finances.
Two concern the role of regional advisory councils.
We will end the debate with a speech from Mr Garriga Polledo as rapporteur, whom I wholeheartedly congratulate on his excellent work on this subject.
She went there last March and fought hard to obtain an agreement on P-TOMS.
I know that this is an issue that falls within the competence of each Member State, but it is also through transparent coordination on the part of the European Parliament and the European Union that we should encourage the Member States to act, because I believe that we all want migrant children to have a good education and be able to integrate into society.
After all, the increase in inland shipping requires no major infrastructural investments, does not contribute to congestion in European cities and does not increase the environmental and climate problems in European cities, provided that it uses clean engines and clean fuel.
Nor do we doubt the professional and political competence and honourableness of Mrs Cresson, who until very recently combined her position with an elected mandate. However, you should be able to say the same thing about a Commissioner as used to be said about Caesar's wife: not only should they be honest, but they should also be seen to be honest.
We should target structural funds at clearly boosting GDP growth, increasing employment and contributing to sustainable development.
In addition, the report calls for legislative proposals, comitology texts and other important documents to be put on the Internet, thereby making information more readily available to the citizens.
We have no illusions.
While the report tries to have us believe that it is of a technical nature, I feel that this report is, much to the contrary, highly significant politically.
There is a danger then that, due to the introduction of this list, biometric checks will become the exception rather than the rule.
We need more than declarations and resolutions, we need practical action which must promote human rights.
Or, more accurately, it is another demonstration of the absence of any European foreign policy, and I hope that the Council will finally take advantage of the opportunity provided by the revision of the Treaty to arm itself with a common foreign and security policy which will avoid any future repetition of Europe's recent humiliation in the Great Lakes region of Africa.
The next step, which is surely more difficult to implement, should be to strive for a measured change to our workforce structure.
Therefore, as a Portuguese national and a European, I am looking very expectantly to the Feira European Council to ensure that this summit is not just an obligation in the calendar or a transition point.
At a time when the discussions about global warming, globalisation and EU competitiveness have acquired new urgency, one can hardly ignore the undeniable need for a maritime strategy that directly treats these issues.
I understand that a number of PNR data are being used for the new system.
Mr Salafranca, I think the applause from your fellow Members shows quite clearly that the assembly supports your declaration.
It gives me an opportunity to state publicly that maintaining the mother tongue of the children of European immigrants is a European resource which must be preserved.
He received this prize for the defence of freedoms we share across this Parliament.
We had to fight every inch of the way.
As for Parliament' s proposal to increase the global envelope by EUR 100 million, that is not a substantial additional amount.
It relates directly back to our work on the Lisbon Process and to creating the most dynamic and knowledge-driven economy in the world, using the knowledge we have to link creative works as well.
In view of this, I am abstaining from the report.
I believe that many agreements should be linked to the establishment of human rights, and that much funding should be linked to the development of democracy, in order thereby to establish checks and balances that make possible the practical application of democracy and human rights, on which stability depends, and saves them from being merely fine-sounding words.
When enormous changes are carried out in anticipation of a consent that is yet to be obtained, we can be assured that consent is seen as a mere formality.
Herman report (A4-0117/98)
Mr President, the Katiforis report is no more than a mundane vindication of the broad guidelines for the economic policies of the Member States.
You are aware of all that, yet you say nothing.
It is of course Ukraine that has responsibility for the elections being properly conducted, but, at the same time, it is crucial that the OSCE’s recommendations be acted on in organising and administering them if renewed irregularities are to be prevented.
Simple answers to international crises are often difficult to put into practice.
Section VI - Economic and Social Committee
The problem of political asylum seekers must be examined in this light alone and efforts to harmonize asylum policy come what may and turn it into a means of chipping away at fundamental human rights, reinforcing suppressive, policing measures and rebuilding fortress Europe must be blocked.
In return for those cuts, the EU is looking to the United States to match it in cutting trade-distorting farm subsidies, which the developing world now rightly regards as the condition and catalyst for any final Doha agreement.
So, although in formal terms it is a minimum directive, the Directive should in fact be regarded as a maximum directive.
This network now consists of roughly 95 offices in 32 countries and includes the Committee on Petitions.
This is a very important signal to the Council of the need to reach an agreement that takes into account the interests of the European Union as a whole, as well as those of all the Member States.
That is what I wanted to warn you against, and I say this with all due respect, since I am aware that most of you are busy with an election campaign at the moment, which can be very demanding at times of major national challenges.
The next item is the report (A4-0115/98) by Mr Pex, on behalf of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media, on the information and communication policy in the European Union.
We have to go sector by sector, focus on cooperation and have clear priorities: healthcare, postal services, water and gas services and so on, but without a directive.
The Commissioner has raised a point which I believe to be important: we must not confuse humanitarian aid with reconstruction and, above all, humanitarian aid must not be a political bargaining chip.
One of the basic principles of these negotiations is the idea of a common air traffic area between the European Community and the United States, and this agreement should ultimately replace the current system of bilateral relations between isolated European Union members and the United States.
This Europol Convention, and the European information system, are the instruments which are needed in order to set up a centre in which all necessary information can be concentrated.
Unfortunately, this is associated in the second half of the amendment - and I will read it out now so as to be absolutely clear - with the fact that the remuneration may be the average of the remuneration for the 18 weeks of maternity leave, which shall be at least 75% of the last monthly salary or of the average monthly salary as stipulated according to national law, subject to any ceiling laid down under national legislation.
I am especially sorry that the Finance Ministries have yet to give the green light to European regulations guaranteeing loans for job creation, known as the ELISE programme.
According to information from Amnesty International, in Iran, for example, in 2001 and 2002 at least six women were sentenced to death by stoning for crimes such as 'adultery and earthly depravity', in some cases after a long prison sentence, and these sentences were carried out.
Recently, the British Government announced that a new public/private partnership would be introduced at the Royal Mint, based in Llantrisant, South Wales.
As far the Commission and the Legal Affairs Committee are concerned, it comes under competition.
The Commission's document contains two closely related proposals, both aiming to improve the common VAT system.
Besides, my view is that the Commission must set the example.
We certainly cannot afford to have any gaps in the application of international conventions and Community legislation to the area of liability for nuclear damage.
As I said earlier, we readily admit that we do not have all the answers.
The impact assessment adopted earlier by the Commission shows that Ireland is one of countries particularly vulnerable to price reductions for sugar and sugar beet.
The Union's initiatives have been launched.
In the light of the outcome of the on-the-spot visits and after examining the data communicated by the Moroccan authorities, the experts are to finalise their report before the end of 2002.
Nor do I see any reason why, in the future too, they should not be different.
There have not been any political decisions taken in the EU that might lend support to the exploitation of renewable energy sources.
That is why Europe has an ambition to be a co-designer of, and leader in, these four trends.
For example, the system of controls should be simplified, the administrative burden on the projects should be reduced and the size of the projects should be modified.
For example, funding the repatriation of illegal immigrants from the instrument for development cooperation is not acceptable to us.
One way is which quality is demonstrated is through possession of the relevant certificate of compliance with quality standards.
You have put yourselves inside an ultra-rigid system, even if your forecasts bear the stamp of common sense.
Our guiding principle in this entire discussion is therefore that, in the final analysis, high-level care must be available to patients and ideally as close to their homes as possible, since that is what most patients appear to need.
In the meantime, the - in my opinion, wise - decision has been taken to participate in this assembly through the appointment of two representatives - Mrs Avilés and myself - as part of the Presidency bureau and of four Parliamentary representatives to attend the plenary forum.
This way we can achieve surprisingly large reductions in emissions, if consumers always choose the most energy-efficient option when shopping.
Sweden, albeit a signatory, without any reservation, of the Maastricht Treaty, yesterday, now feels that the single currency project is uncertain and wavering and has decided not to join the Monetary Union in 1999.
Protection of the marine environment, particularly the conservation of its biodiversity, must be considered a priority, and further action in the field of marine protection, a true coastal policy and promotion of sustainable use of the seas are all needed.
In a spirit of good interinstitutional cooperation, I will yield my speaking time to the Commission, which is in any case the main party involved, and I would simply like to say that the Council obviously shares all of the concerns that have been expressed regarding the situation in the textile sector both within the EU and in some of our partner countries.
I see no reason why ultimately travellers on board ship should not have the same levels of protection as those that travel by train or plane.
The Presidency has no intention to revisit this issue.
It is evident that the fight against organized crime and corruption will be an important component in the coming membership negotiations.
Resumption of the session
Direct budgetary aid will therefore also be necessary to ensure political stability in Afghanistan.
Now, everything is wrong with the justification, everything is wrong with the purpose limitation.
It is also in China's own interest to do so, though - you know that the Chinese company Heier will soon have an interest in protecting its own patents.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (FR) Madam President, today's discussion - and the previous speakers have confirmed this - is taking place in very unusual circumstances, since we do not have a report for the plenary as would normally be the case.
We produce plenty of high-quality fruit and vegetables in the European Union, but our citizens do not consume enough of them, with growing consequences for their health.
This Parliament resolved then that such an incident must never happen again.
These predominantly focus on the ingredients of alcohol products.
It is for that reason that I believe that the conclusion of the Third Generation Agreement is a matter of the utmost urgency.
Amid this difficult situation, Guido Sacconi, rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, has to my mind done an excellent job, and the result obtained in the Committee was an indication of how valuable his work has been.
Enough of these lies and false promises.
The general message that I hear is that this should be done by reducing public spending and that is exactly what we in the Netherlands have been doing.
If the States feel they need the thousands of billions of euro that we return to them each year, that is a worrying, but it is just as worrying that a situation such as this should arise.
There are different strata in both groupings.
I support the Commission's initiative to introduce Community-wide measures for reducing VOC emissions.
The report' s demands that environmental costs should be internalised and that the problem should be overcome by means of different types of tax, especially a kilometre/tonne charge on heavy vehicles and a tax on bunker fuels, must be seen against this background.
For almost ten years, there have been very few outbreaks and the outbreaks in 1993 in Italy and 1996 and 2000 in Greece appear to have been rapidly brought under control.
For example, Article 43(1) of the Treaty of Lisbon lays down the tasks of combat forces of the European Union.
The rapporteur, Mr Tomlinson, worries about excessive reliance on monies obtained from the European taxpayer.
It is a strong signal that Europe is no longer just a market and that the European citizen is no longer just a consumer or a worker; that the citizens, in all their forms, with all their worries, with all their needs, with all their demands, are at the centre of European construction.
This lesson has to be learned.
We support the ongoing development of multifunctional efforts to promote peace.
The consumer consultations that the Commissioner has pledged to carry out will be a fundamental step, not only for the textile sector but also for all those sectors in which Parliament has often questioned the general public's desire for information concerning place of origin.
Normally, many other countries participate in road infrastructure, but in Haiti, we are alone in giving grants for this.
I shall conclude by saying that the prevention of obesity requires at least one peaceful healthy meal in the family circle cultivating, above all, healthy habits.
I think it is important to let you know what the Federation of Irish Fishermen said in June when this package was first announced.
This is why political alternatives must exist.
I share the view that there is a need for a common energy policy, a need to find alternatives, and there have been many proposals mentioned in the debate in this respect, which I hope will be developed in the same way as I have noted a general interest in strengthening safety.
The Commission is using money from the Development Fund to convince these countries, in many of which civil society is opposed to the agreement, because the total opening up of their markets would ultimately achieve nothing but a reduction and restriction in their ability to integrate into the international market.
Here on the other hand the purpose of this employment and labour market policy committee is to propose policy debates and policy recommendations for the Council and for the European Council in the field of employment.
Madam President, I strongly refute any statement, demonstration or feeling of xenophobia or racism.
I therefore endorse the report by Mr Olbrycht on instituting a Community-level instrument which allows the creation of cooperative groupings in the Community territory, invested with legal personality, to be known as ‘European groupings of territorial cooperation (EGTC)’.
There are Member States, and here I am looking at Mr Busuttil, among others, since he brought up the issue so forcefully, who seek the support of the European Union when they experience problems; it is an expression of European solidarity that we should provide help when, for example, Malta experiences a problem with refugees.
Completion of the internal market must not be slowed down by an unchecked and indiscriminate distribution of State aid.
Mr President, the Portuguese Presidency should be praised for focusing the debate on issues which although not new, are being addressed in an innovative way, with ambitious objectives, beginning with the urgent need to face up to the competition, which is marked by constant technological innovation and democratisation. In doing this, we must be aware that the technological development of the United States has come about because of extremely dynamic private initiatives, as well as because of their arms industry and a certain degree of protectionism.
That issue is still being pursued today.
My group has tabled amendments on this, for which I would again like to canvas your support.
European citizens look to their Members of Parliament for answers.
I am sure you have will noted with a certain amount of relief the encouraging news which reached us today from Geneva, where the five permanent members of the Security Council met yesterday.
When the report had virtually been completed, we were informed that the accounts could contain irregularities; the informant was concerned that there could be irregularities in the reimbursements of travel expenses and daily allowances and potentially some instances of fraud.
Today, we are all deciding together on the adoption of a common primary unified legal framework respecting just those values which have allowed us to enlarge your assembly.
We should not overburden its scope by making it an instrument to foster accession, much as we support that principle.
Mr President, the Treaty of Nice is still not such a bad Treaty.
The whitewashing of dangers does not mean that they are non-existent, much less that they have been averted.
Without flexible transport options, the towns and cities will die. We therefore need some rapid new thinking.
Mr President, Commissioner, we are all aware of the existing congestion on European roads and the significant external costs of goods transport by road, such as accidents, noise, pollution, climatic effects, the provision and maintenance of infrastructures etc. But this is nothing compared to the bleak predictions of what the future may hold if we do not implement measures to deal with these threats.
In addition, and as the Council already noted at the ninth revision of the common position, there has so far been no firm indication that the Cuban government has had a change of policy and is moving towards achieving the objectives of the common position.
I now come to the main guidelines of economic policy which are an essential instrument for improving the coordination of economic policy in Europe.
Civil servants from the UK will also be involved.
It was not at all perfect.
I therefore believe that it is necessary to take the current observations into account.
In addition, publicity and training at regional level must be increased if we want to promote the effectiveness of the guidelines in question.
I would like to ask who the Chinese government are trying to kid.
The Commission has taken great pride in touting its credentials in matching GSP benefits with rights standards.
The President of the European Commission must be elected by the European Parliament and the European Council of Ministers must meet in public when they discuss legal matters.
However, I do condemn the Euro-liberal diktat to which both the Member States of the EU and the candidate countries are subjected.
For this reason there is now an increased global demand for food and animal feed; cereals and oil seed rape are being used in the production of biofuels, not for environmental reasons but as part of the profit-making plans of the oil multinationals.
But if political situations can be created for purposes of domestic political window-dressing, Europe will be in a permanent state of gelatine.
Finally, there are the changes to Article 90.
I have to tell you that the discussions lawyers had in this area occasionally reminded me of disputations in ancient Byzantium on the sex of angels.
As an encounter of national ministers and prime ministers, this institution is, after all, closest to the people. At the same time, this institution seems to be suffering most from organisational defects following enlargement.
We have done our work, and we in the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats wish you, Mr President, every success in yours.
That is the problem for many countries in the European Union.
On Level 2, the Commission is also ready to consult widely with market participants and end-users in an open and transparent way before adopting tactical implementing measures.
Following the announcement of its intention to carry out such a test last Tuesday, North Korea has proceeded in defiance of the near-unanimous advice and wishes of the international community.
We want to see the Indonesian military cooperate fully with UN investigations.
If that happens, the people will rightly say that we are just dishing out money.
It raises the sort of issues which I have had to tackle before in other circumstances, for example in reorganising the police and security services in Northern Ireland and basing that reorganisation on the fundamental proposition that the forces of law and order are there to protect and maintain human rights and should have no truck with the undermining of human rights.
Transitional, but until when?
I voted for Mrs Auconie's report.
A lot could have been done differently, both at EU level and in those countries mainly affected.
The Council simply passed the buck back to the Commission and its answer showed a total indifference to the problem and no concern at all to ensure that EU law is enforced.
Member States are apparently not prepared to allow their own exceptions to be discussed in order to reach an even-handed directive, and that is unacceptable.
The WTO's budget today is USD 135 million: six times less than that of the IMF and almost 10 times less than that of the World Bank.
This position, set out in Amendments Nos 1 and 2, will be supported by my political group.
Others say that it is depriving them of their sovereignty and giving them nothing back in return.
In the same dream, Mr President, still at the Palais de l'Europe casino, another player at the table was Mr Sterckx.
Let me quote from the letter from the Mayor:
Enlarging the Schengen area is a priority for our Parliament.
   . Mr President, twenty years have passed since the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl.
Throughout his rule he has oppressed his people and violated international law in many areas.
Finally, I would like to remind the Commission of the first commandment, which is that the Commission should now take the initiative on the basis of this report.
It is balanced, workable and surely better than the original proposal for a directive.
The same is true of the approach adopted by the President of the European Parliament, Mr Borrell, thanks to whom the voice of the new Member States - Russia's neighbours - was heard at Lahti.
We must accept that responsibility. We must contribute actively to defining the new world order and enhance international governance founded upon the rule of law.
I believe very strongly that the policy being pursued by President Kim Dae-Jung is entirely right.
- After the vote on recital J
There are just as many young smokers there, even though there is no advertising.
There was limited demand on the part of small and medium-sized enterprises and considerable delays in processing applications, due to the fact that the Commission had to apply strict procedures in order to minimise the risk of irregularity and protect the Community's economic interests.
Of course this does not mean that the European Parliament should ignore the position of the Labour Party, which would like Malta to follow in Switzerland's footsteps.
We are very critical of the Council's proposal to set up the Eurodac database.
The whole point of a democratic election is to put in place a functioning democratic assembly.
Furthermore, in 2008 the Commission adopted a project, funded by EUR 1 million, under the 10th European Development Fund, conceived together with the Special Court and the Sierra Leone Government.
Nevertheless, despite considering the proposal for a directive to be positive on the whole, there are areas in which Parliament wishes both to go further and to improve the basic proposal and a broad compromise was reached on these matters.
You have our support as we go this way together.
Those countries struggling to reform antiquated economies, and to build modern societies based on respect for human rights and the rule of law, have, at the same time, to deal with the legacy of war.
In order to be successful these efforts need, and should receive, the support, not just of the Council, but the European Parliament also.
They do not seem to take it seriously enough.
4.
We have recently co-financed an FAO expert meeting to develop operational guidelines to implement an ecosystem-based approach to fisheries management.
They have made millions of ecu working on nuclear safety projects in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union, funded largely by the EU.
We depend a great deal on their active support and understanding.
When I found out that the President was going to be Jean-Claude Juncker, my confidence was confirmed.
Nevertheless, certain problems still remain regarding this agreement, which may have a negative impact on the EU's agricultural sector.
This implies a stronger role for Parliament - for you - and closer democratic scrutiny.
I congratulate the Council on the negotiating mandate given to the Commission on 18 April.
Finally, something should be said about the legal basis.
In 2006, public debt in the countries of the old European Union was as high as 63.3% of GDP and, in as many as half of the eurozone countries this debt exceeded 60% of GDP.
Mr President-in-Office, do you not think that this interest in democracy and human rights is, to say the least, hypocritical when it comes to a country which, despite the long-standing and inhumane embargo imposed on it and the inexorable war being waged against it by the USA, has achieved the highest standard of living and education in Central and Latin America?
One of the European Ombudsman's most important tasks is to play a role in developing a Union citizenship, which presently is only a small germ of an idea compared to what it could become.
I hope, therefore, that proper consideration will be given to the specific problems of the mountain areas in any future debates on the CAP review and the new CAP.
We must also work through the problems identified in the evaluation reports.
It would therefore not be appropriate - indeed, it would be contrary to established policy in the environmental field - to introduce a preference for European eco-labels over other eco-labels.
Amendment No 18 means that two and three-wheeled vehicles would be exempt from all the articles apart from Article 6 of the proposal, and we cannot agree to that.
However, that does not in any way exempt the Commission or the Council from guaranteeing the safety of the people living around these dangerous chemical sites and other dangerous, large installations that have the potential to create such cataclysmic damage.
The debate is closed.
The latter are the basis upon which national legislation has been established, and if harmonisation were to take place in too mechanical a fashion, local traditions could be harmed.
The Roma have made a decisive contribution to the development of Europe, especially to its culture.
However, as always with the short-term presidencies, when they are good, they leave us with a bitter feeling of a somehow unaccomplished job.
I would like to tell you, Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, that preparing the budget of the European Union is a strange process indeed.
The European Union would be well advised to give some thought as to the meaning of this proverb because it is very difficult to actually see the relation between today' s debate and the unprecedented attacks on the United States, which took place on 11 September 2001.
It is all the more worrying that the planned system is liable in itself to exacerbate abuses since reducing the immediate costs for each State may lead to a reduction in its vigilance, ultimately increasing the overall cost for everyone.
However, I would urge a vote to be taken on the legislative resolution, together with both amendments, in which it is pointed out that we invite the Council to put forward a new draft text.
My few words are in regard to the De Luca report on the policy on tourism within the Union.
The Lifelong Learning Programme, in operation since 2007, contributes to the development of the European Union as an advanced knowledge-based society by providing support for the modernisation and adjustment of education systems and professional training in the Member States.
I am sure the honourable Member from Northern Ireland who placed this question heard me unequivocally answer the question that he has put.
The Member States and the candidate countries must now translate their words into genuine action in order to put an end to this loathsome trade.
Raising the quality of existing transport connections in Europe and building new ones will help reduce road accidents, which is our constant priority in the fight for better mobility for EU citizens.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11:30.
That is what the European Union is for.
We have to say once again that the Europe of the future cannot be built with the tools of the past.
If technology and infrastructure are not coordinated, we shall not be able to obtain any practical results.
Would you agree that we also need to allow sufficient time for this, because we know from experience that it takes time to develop regions?
You always have to strike a balance between achieving objectives and following procedures.
On the one hand, we must avoid putting additional administrative burdens on our own producers by applying existing regulations, such as the one on cross compliance.
On the contrary, the directive is a unique step forward in the development of the internal market in viable services.
The existing situation indicates that reservations made through the computerized reservations systems used by tourist agencies lead to higher prices.
At the Tampere summit we took the first step towards that process.
It may not be perfect.
Once the regulation has been revised by the lawyer-linguists, it should be adopted by the Council at first reading as an ‘A’ item in April 2006.
In fact my group and also the German Government's new human rights representative and former deputy, Mr Popper, really have spent years trying to persuade the EU to become more closely involved in Kosovo and to make progress with seeking solutions there.
I therefore cannot accept Amendment No 35.
You have recently been to Lithuania, which had an unhappy experience in its attempt to introduce the euro because its inflation was 0.07% above the target level.
Such measures are coordinated within the competent bodies of the Council but do not for the time being cover any African countries.
I wanted that to be emphasized.
Unfortunately too many of the public believe this nonsense is a decision of Parliament and are not aware it is the product of the unholy deal done for the worst of all reasons at Edinburgh in 1992 under the presidency of John Major.
Secondly, I would like to make a comment, , as Mr Trichet would say, on the one and two cent coins.
Our empathy is not enough.
Our second concern is the apparent downplaying of the importance of trade in the package as a whole.
The first step, for Estonia, is the Reform Treaty and I would like to thank the Portuguese Presidency for its superb work in resolving this issue.
Relating to Monday:
Finally I would like to thank the interpreters who had to interpret my Austrian German.
In particular, I should like to congratulate Mrs Waddington on some of the innovative measures which she brings forward, but also on not being afraid to criticize where the Commission has fallen down on its duty and responsibility to respond to the urgent need for training in our society.
I will reply at the end of the debate giving the Commission's opinion on some of the amendments.
As regards the lines identified as conducive to the 2020 strategy for green, smart and inclusive growth, we have identified around EUR 58 billion in the 2011 draft budget, which is 40% of the budget conducive to these goals listed in the 2020 strategy.
To add to this charade, in order for the European Union to raise its flag on a military operation it has to rely on NATO for its operational planning and for reinforcement or extraction if the relatively soft operation in Macedonia should turn into something more dangerous.
I do not believe that we should discriminate between ethanol and diesel, but we should encourage second-generation instead of first-generation.
Nevertheless, we went no further than doing this, and I would like to urge the Committee on Budgets not to reduce this still further, for, if we allocate only the funding relating to enlargement, and not the funds for the additional tasks, the situation cannot fail to deteriorate still further.
For years, we have been talking about creating a single permit for third-country nationals who wish to live and work in a Member State.
Finally, I am not in favour of advertising.
It is true that having three sites gives rise to costs.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for this debate, which has not been purely academic, as it could have been, given its chance, idiosyncratic origins; it has been a weighty debate on the economy which I hope can be repeated in the future.
Why was that?
I appeal to you to support us when it comes to the financial perspectives and the European neighbourhood policy instrument.
Mr President, I should also like to add my support to what has already been said on the concept of regional advisory councils.
Mr Chichester's report makes it clear that Portugal is certainly one of the success stories of structural policy, as others here have underlined.
We have no objections whatsoever to contributing to the reconstruction in Iraq.
Therefore, in the middle of my remarks, I can take the liberty of asking a rather more basic question, a question associated with the fact that on a day like today, when the European Parliament is delivering its opinion on a fundamental achievement in the history of European unity, we might pause for a moment and allow ourselves to ask: why are we doing this?
EU strategy for better ship dismantling (vote)
In the course of reforming our agricultural policy, we need to consider having a regulation for small producers and how we can find a much simpler method for such holdings which, from various budget chapters, we often give a total of just a few hundred to a few thousand euro in premiums, without losing sight of our objectives and producing a lack of clarity in the granting of subsidies.
I would point out that, to date, no information has been made available to this House concerning the extent of the delay in constructing the central unit for the SIS II and the reasons for it.
In Ireland, as in all Member States, we remain committed to maintaining current budgetary levels.
Such a package could include, , support for elections, election observation, ceasefire monitoring and the necessary technical assistance.
The current companies tax system in many Member States still holds back many small businesses with potential for growth by favouring the investment of profits outside rather than inside the company.
Following the accession of Romania to the European Union, the Romanians enjoy the same freedom of movement as the other citizens of the Union.
Well I disagree, my amendments were very well worded, and some anonymous reviser has taken it upon himself to amend the text.
They even claim that we must learn to live with some mistakes.
In this way you protect the European Union, the European Parliament and European agriculture.
If we just lay down new quotas and muzzling laws and if we just turn on the money tap again, everything will be fine.
Vice-President designate of the Commission. - Mr President, can I just say that the issue of where I sit, I suspect, will keep coming back.
Finally, I would like to say that in order to ensure transparency of negotiations, Parliament should be continuously involved in the negotiation rounds.
Some people have already referred to this and I was Parliament's rapporteur.
Today we are not talking about tolls as such, but of methods for charging tolls more simply, which create fewer problems for the users and which facilitate the operation of the internal market.
Based on the report, there will be a discussion under the Slovenian Presidency which they will announce soon to Parliament.
Energy performance of buildings (recast) (debate)
They included two instruments of significance to SMEs: the EUR 4.2 billion Competitiveness and Innovation Programme (CIP), and the EUR 70 billion Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development.
European consumers should be fully aware of their rights and this problem-solving network should be easily accessible to everyone.
That applies in particular to the question of minimum safety distances.
Mr Costa, for his part, has also called for the appointment of a coordinator for both inland waterway transport and maritime transport.
The drama that we are once again seeing unfold before our eyes is becoming painfully repetitive and revealing of the essence of this European Union: of who makes the rules in the end, and on behalf of which interest groups.
For the time being, this is only a policy position.
Citizens must be able to follow what is happening in the Union and the institutional reform cannot be made an exception to this principle.
Mr President, the Commission intends Norway to become a member of the Monitoring Centre we were discussing this morning, as soon as possible.
Dual training, which is regarded as the optimum solution, should for example be introduced into all European states.
As Mr Dupuis precisely said, the Resolution seeks to induce the UN to introduce a worldwide moratorium.
One is to all act alone, trying to reconcile spending and income, in some cases, according to what I have heard, worshiping austerity as an ends in its own right, making swingeing cuts to public spending and social benefits, thereby exacerbating the situation for citizens.
The proposals for good governance do not appear to contain any significant element that might succeed in bringing the citizens closer to Europe.
The Commission shares the opinion of Parliament that the detention of 158 people held in Nongkhai requires urgent solution.
And we want to take account of the new discoveries as they become available.
Last year, we established a new Subcommittee on Justice, Freedom, Security and Human Rights and Democracy.
Isolation, sometimes for years, is one of the worst forms of psychological torture and Turkish civil society, including the lawyers' and doctors' associations, have called for its abolition.
This abhorrent treatment of women can in no way be condoned and permitted under Sharia law.
One of the reasons is principally a lack of experience with the processes of the fund and the long period of financial uncertainty when awaiting the decision of the budget authority.
What we are trying to do here is promote sales in the European Union itself.
The figures are disastrous.
But that is where our efforts should be concentrated. Because worthlessness soon turns into helplessness.
The EASA is different: if the EASA has no money, human lives are put at risk.
I urge you not to vote in favour of any amendments that weaken the content of the reports by Mrs Lambert and Mrs Bozkurt.
Yesterday, I gave the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development a comprehensive report on the Commission's deliberations, and in order to save time, I should therefore prefer not to cover that ground again now.
In Ireland, where there is already existing legislation, the Criminal Justice Act 1994 is presently being updated to take into account some of the proposals contained in this directive.
The heroes of the Hungarian revolution are heroes for us all.
Smart and effective sanctions need to be linked to a structural and systemic response.
This argument must today be directed back at India and utilized, if it really was seriously intended.
Mr President, I wish to say, on behalf of my group, that it is important that this issue, which has become a major trade dispute between the United States and the European Union, should not be dealt with on Friday.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is important that we all come out of conciliation with our heads held high.
I know that this is not what many of my fellow Members wish to hear, who, for philosophical or ideological reasons, are imposing a virtual veto on biotech development, but I felt obliged to put this question to you, Commissioner.
As far as the 1999 operating budget is concerned, the Commission shares the regrets expressed by Mr Giansily that the Council does not appear to be willing to approve the transfer of funds to the general budget to reinforce the Community initiatives RESIDER and RECHAR.
.
I look forward to the discussion here today.
If you wish to favour Germany, then at least have the sugar content written on the product.
It should be a matter for all the states that surround the Baltic.
. Mr President, it is a little difficult to give an opinion on this when half my colleagues seem to believe that there is no point in giving an opinion because we cannot alter the Convention text.
It shows that she has convinced most of her colleagues in the committee.
We welcome the response of the European Union.
We are here today to discuss what has been presented as one of the major priorities for the Commission, namely, innovation policy, which is starting to take shape at last through innovation partnerships and this pilot project on active and healthy ageing, to be discussed here today.
The EU population can be content only if the rural population is content.
The Presidency will not forget the spirit of cooperation, commitment and openness that everyone displayed in seeking the best solutions.
Let me give an example.
This is a contrast in which, as a Member of the European Parliament, I take no pride.
   I welcome Mrs Flemming's question and would also suggest to the Commissioner that there is a way through.
I would like to conclude by extending warm thanks to Mr Oostlander, who has, as rapporteur, been magnanimous enough not to inhibit discussion, and has remained sensitive enough to keep faith with himself.
We strongly call on the Russian and South Abkhazian authorities to guarantee the return of these people to their homes.
We have, in my judgment, taken a great step forward in the area of aviation safety.
Yet here we have a blatant contradiction of that argument, where money is being spent without anything resembling a legal base.
Nevertheless, we must strike a balance.
Even if we are unable to offer them the prospect of membership in the near future, we should develop economic and political cooperation for the sake of the common European good.
That would run counter to the Commission's efforts towards transparency in this proposal.
I have no problem with people smoking but it affects others and that is the problem.
Finally, I support the emphasis on the Lisbon Agenda creating jobs and increasing skills.
Therefore it is time to suspend this agreement, because of not only the human rights abuses associated with the settlements but also those associated with the new apartheid wall, which has nothing to do with security and everything to do with an illegal land grab.
That is nonsense, unless there is an accompanying policy aimed specifically at creating jobs.
In particular, we can have no confidence in any enquiry carried out by the governments of the States concerned.
I can only regret that.
I understand his concern but I have the advantage of going to the General Affairs Council and having our proposals - I quote "warmly welcomed" and also having an extremely good reception in ECOFIN at lunch where the discussion was naturally quite intimate but immensely constructive.
India now has a vehemently nationalist government, whose establishment almost everyone here regrets, but the fact that it has been possible to carry out these five tests less than two months after that government came to power shows that everything was obviously ready and that the whole nation was committed.
What a regression!
Secondly, we need to draw up a list of the supervision and control duties incumbent upon each country for every ship berthed in its ports, in order to avoid so-called ports of convenience.
During the French government's recent attempt to regionalise the voting system, I took this same position.
That was my first question.
Madam President, I wish to welcome the President-in-Office of the Council and to wish him every success in the Portuguese Presidency of the European Union.
For this very reason, we must do all we can as European institutions to secure his freedom.
We shall only succeed if everyone concerned works together.
It is being laid in the sea in order to prevent landowners from blocking the pipeline.
Recreational walking and cycling is also growing in importance.
They are not at all alike.
It is probably not.
For far too long we have talked about more environmentally friendly forms of transport without taking appropriate measures.
But since Marshall McLuhan talked about the world as a global village and Tofler himself pointed out information technologies as the third human revolution, the globalisation of political relations with regard to trade, the economy, defence, leisure, and so many other things has meant that the Member States are now also small and inadequate and cannot respond to the current needs of the people.
I just want to say that we are ready for this and want to address the individual elements of these problems.
At the same time, I should like to take this opportunity to emphasise the call in this report for a more transparent staff selection process.
We have to imagine that; there is a place on this earth, in which there is not one family that has not lost a child – grandchildren, nephews, nieces, the children of the family itself.
Mr Howitt spoke of the Acteal massacre, but that massacre, which was carried out by paramilitary forces, has also had political repercussions in Mexico.
The Commission should promptly propose such measures.
Instead of the centrifugal trends of the national and religious communities gradually weakening, they are strengthening and undermining the objective of the national unity, identity and sovereignty of Iraq.
We need to deepen solidarity in the euro area, which is why the aid to Greece was so right and why the decision was so right to create this EUR 750 million fund - for a three-year period, so it is not yet completely permanent - to prevent possible difficult situations with public accounts or imbalances in public accounts.
On Category 5, the sad part is that we still see no solutions being proposed by the Council on how to solve the problem of pensions within the institutions.
The debate is closed.
The Treaty of Amsterdam, as I have already stated, enables the European Union to make this contribution.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Mr Choudhury is a journalist facing charges of sedition in connection with a series of articles he published that Bangladeshi authorities deemed favourable to Israel and critical of Muslim extremism.
Tolerance is important; but it is a two-way process.
We cried on each other' s shoulders for such a long time, but during this time the seeds of what we had sown with such sacrifice in the early days of Europe were preparing to bear fruit.
The Commission would like to express its gratitude to Parliament in general, and to the rapporteur, Mrs Hermange, in particular, not only for their continued support of the Commission's work in the field of parental responsibility, but also for their enormous efforts in this particular case.
This 'no' should obviously not be underestimated, and I think that, on the contrary, it should force all political leaders to take into account the expectations and concerns of the people and try to provide answers to them, whatever treaty is in force.
I also wish to support e-twinning of European schools since that seems to me to be an excellent way of bringing about cooperation between schools from every corner of Europe. What is more, it will help us promote intercultural dialogue and language learning and will also facilitate exchanges between children who have got to know each other through the new technologies and who would like to meet face to face.
Neither, of course, do we currently have the necessary technological means, but the quest to acquire them would be a challenge worthy of consideration.
Mr President, Commissioner, the international community considered that the Iraqi regime, which was responsible for two wars, against Iran and then Kuwait, constituted a permanent potential threat to the security of its neighbours.
As mayor of Hradec Králové, I had first-hand experience of the floods which hit the Czech Republic, and which led to a number of our towns being inundated and many people being left homeless.
Mr President, first of all, it was entirely natural for Mr Schulz to respond.
By its actions, that country has confirmed that it wishes to be a partner of a modern international society, one that does not shirk taking responsibility.
It is unfortunate that the procedure has been prolonged but the result permits, in particular, a first important step in the reinforcement of the Community's consumer protection services.
Enormous efforts have been made in the transition to a market economy.
Concerning climate change, Europe is already the first region in the world to implement far-reaching, legally binding climate and energy targets.
The Commission will most carefully examine the report of this enquiry for lessons to be learnt in Europe.
Furthermore, the expulsion in October 2001 of the Italian ambassador, who represented the European Union on the ground, severely undermined relations with Eritrea.
Following the actions inspired by the Chiquita multinational and brought by the United States, Guatemala, Honduras, Ecuador and Mexico, the World Trade Organization demanded that the EU should modify its COM in bananas as from 1 January 1999.
So the fact is that the question of reopening and the question of safety standards must be settled primarily by the French and Italian authorities.
Reuters reported just yesterday that, according to eye witness reports, people are being shot when they try to leave this zone.
That policy has failed completely, now that the euro has fallen considerably below the dollar, not temporarily, but for a considerable amount of time.
Resources should be put into the fund for the 2007-2013 period that will enable this to happen.
At 6 p.m. the Ford report was still not available in all the official languages, which clearly made it impossible for Members to prepare amendments in good time.
The directive offers no long-term solution, and the postponement of its entry into force simply postpones its negative effects by two years.
Unfortunately, the package only faces us with another gap, the one between good intentions and the necessary instruments for achieving them.
Nevertheless, if it wanted to, the EU could do so much more to improve the situation for Christians and to promote freedom of religion in the world, for example, by insisting on a freedom of religion clause in all agreements concluded with third countries.
They are on everyone’s lips, renewable energies get good write-ups in the press, and rightly so too.
The second message that he delivered to me and that he gave me the job of passing on to you – to you as well as to the European Parliament – is that he would be very pleased to accept your invitation and to take part in the March part-session.
You have to understand that there is a prevailing uncertainty among people in Europe. They wonder if they will be able to get jobs in the future and what will happen to their children and families.
The Council thinks it is entitled to drag this whole thing out, and the other business too.
In conclusion, however, if you will allow me, I will repeat a phrase by the President of the Securities and Markets Authority, who said that, at the very least, it would be good if the financial markets detoxified themselves of the rating agencies to allow investors to gain a greater personal appreciation of situations and risks.
That allows the Member States the possibility of adopting more far-reaching measures to protect the environment.
They are fostering enterprise and promoting business but it is difficult to say how many businesses they are helping and how successful that help is.
This is a good idea, but it is still only optional, and it will be applied differently from one country to another.
I would, however, like to ask the President-in-Office whether Mr Di Roberto's mission brought any actual gain which can further the work of the new, Irish presidency, mediator.
The Commission considers that this issue is already adequately covered by the relevant provisions of the directive supplementing the general provisions of the framework directive on water and by other Community legislation on water which already applies.
So I will not, personally, I am saying this completely from a personal point of view, have a distinction made between women who work and women who stay at home.
Some speakers have questioned the link between the Laeken Declaration and the Nice process.
It must also be part of the discussion that we make clear to ourselves that there are interfaces between so-called normal society and organized crime.
The explanation is that you have economic interests there.
Today, this issue is also an example of a lack of European solidarity in the field of energy.
I say that because he comes from a small political group - and it is often hard to make headway here - and he comes from one of the southern Member States, which will in some ways have to make sacrifices and introduce regulations to bring about effective, proper beef labelling throughout the Community.
It is clear, Commissioner, that good investment in infrastructures would contribute to an improvement in the quality of life of these areas and to countering depopulation.
The 25 paragraphs may in their number give the impression of something large, but there is a lack of basic paragraphs about how European competitiveness can be developed and thus the basis which is needed to counteract relocations and, even more importantly, to promote new investments.
You have gone beyond our powers.
I encourage those countries to increase their contribution vigorously and remember that this is a chance to assist less-developed countries in the same way that the developed world lent them a hand not so long ago.
The European Commission has done some fine work here.
The budgetary trends do not indicate that.
Last year's expenditure pattern will play a particularly important role in this.
We can but hope that next year we will have more grounds for congratulating ourselves on not having wasted time and opportunities to make the world a better place.
Can the Council reconcile these seemingly contradictory statements?
The next item is the joint debate on:
Of course, we should also use it to support sound projects - I am thinking, for example, of a genuine Erasmus programme for trainees.
What is most surprising, Mr President, is that one of the arguments used and which is used as an authority to reject this proposal is the position of the Council of Ministers, as if the European Commission had to respond to the Council of Ministers and take its positions more seriously than those of the European Parliament.
I therefore welcome the report wholeheartedly.
These amendments can roughly be divided into three categories.
This report, however, is not meant to be about our differences on the past – although we certainly have them – but about our common position that the international community must take responsibility for providing, on a massive scale, political, financial and economic support for the people of Afghanistan in shaping a peaceful, democratic and social future for themselves.
Special attention should be given to the social aspects of adjustment, including to the risks related to employment and the effects on living and inhabiting conditions.
I take it that I may hold out some hope for tomorrow's vote!
With the ruling by the Court of Justice, it has now been clarified that measures of a penal nature needed in order to safeguard the effective application of environmental policy may be adopted within the framework of the first pillar.
In the Council's view, the main objective of the regulation is to grant rights to passengers travelling on regular services where the scheduled distance is equal to, or more than, 250 kilometres.
The way EMU is constructed today means there is, unfortunately, a risk that it will increase unemployment instead.
We realise that another framework of compliance with international law is needed.
Several speakers touched upon the subject of OLAF.
This has nothing to do with whether you believe in a European approach to this issue or not, as some of you suggested.
Intense activity at diplomatic level and on economic cooperation with the countries of Latin America has also been a consistent thread in Union external relations during this six months, as well as continued European development cooperation with Africa and the policy of support to peacemaking in certain areas of that continent, with particular reference to the Great Lakes region, for which a special Union envoy has been appointed, tasked with maintaining close contact with the United Nations and the Organization for African Unity.
Now let me come to Mr Funk's report, and my thanks go to him also.
We also have to work on strengthening the democratic institutions in Afghanistan and we must also concentrate on the 'Afghan civil society' component.
I feel that the solution put forward in this proposal would present legal problems with regard to the law applicable and to the implementation arbitration awards.
I believe we should build upon the positive experience of technological centres sited at appropriate locations in the regions.
It is firstly to remove barriers which are unnecessary and counterproductive to human freedom and prosperity, hindering the movement of persons, goods and services, ideas, political philosophies, world views, cultural plans and behavioural models, which, over the course of time, have formed between various European countries for many different reasons, and secondly to exercise joint care for public assets that are of significance to the entire continent or such projects as cannot be implemented effectively through just bilateral agreements between two or more neighbouring European countries.
As Members we are in an extremely difficult situation in regard to China.
Let us not forget their courage and sacrifice in safeguarding freedom and democracy.
Yes, it makes a difference whether we invest in limping bureaucracy or in the energy sources and jobs of the future.
This is obviously a crucial question.
The UN Council is always very quick to act when it comes to taking one side in the Middle East conflict.
We agreed at Cardiff to take that work further, to put particular stress on further work on lifelong learning, strengthening equal opportunities, revising tax and benefit systems to improve work incentives, and developing a culture of entrepreneurship.
Parliament must engage in an open discussion about the expenditure ceiling in heading 5 for 2011.
During the meetings of 22 September and 11 and 12 October, the Committee considered the proposal and the draft report, which it adopted unanimously.
Secondly, we must determine the responsibility of those who managed the crisis, in particular, we must clarify the reason why the EU as a whole was not involved in managing the risk from the very outset, given that it was known that the consequences of the accident would easily move beyond the confines of one country and would affect the entire natural heritage of Europe.
You have all read it, ladies and gentlemen, so I will not repeat it: it is harsh criticism, but it is true.
Mr Howitt, thank you for bringing those matters to our attention.
It is therefore of major importance that allowance be made in social legislation for the fact that Sundays are to be maintained as days of rest within the European Union.
The Commission usually fails totally in enforcing legislation which is already there.
Liability for defective products
Mr President, it is Parliament' s intention to give consumers reassurance and also to provide a firm and clear legal framework for companies which work with GMOs.
We, and they, should therefore continue to make every effort to achieve a sound and credible result.
To that end, the Commission proposes important financial sums for all the candidate countries of central and eastern Europe: 1.5 billion ECU for the PHARE programme, 0.5 billion ECU for farming aid and 1 billion ECU for structural aid.
It is not that we are against economic progress, nor that we are against clearance, even in tropical forest, but there must be sustainable agriculture.
   .
Despite appeals from many quarters, the Eutelsat management remains unwilling to revoke its decision, which was in any case taken under pressure from the Chinese Government.
It also means, however, if the scientific data are not misleading, that Angola has considerable opportunities for fishing and that Angolan waters contain a wealth of fish.
While the policy will continue to offer engagement to all partners, every neighbour is different and has different aspirations.
Is it that he does not know what to do?
The first is the assessment of needs for the western Balkans.
Our group and the entire Parliament have always supported it.
Such new products may be perfectly interesting for agriculture, but our message must be honest here: the overriding objective with innovations of this kind has to be profitability.
Under the adaptability heading, the Commission acknowledges that reductions in working time may be appropriate in some sectors or situations but that such reductions should be negotiated by the social partners.
This also means that the financial perspectives under the negotiating mandate do not permit negotiations on the chapters with financial implications any earlier than 2013.
The Commission is not the enemy.
Formal sitting - Award of the 2006 Sakharov Prize
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, what effect do European Parliament debates on human rights actually have?
Mr President, I would like to comment on points 2 and 3, in which it is claimed that the Intergovernmental Conference is the key issue in the run-up to enlargement of the EU.
May I say at this point that the central conclusion of Mr Spencer's report on Russia, namely that we must postpone agreement on a common strategy beyond the Cologne Summit in June, is - and I think many agree here - diplomatic lunacy.
At present I am not sure if I am happy about what has been done, but I wish you well in any case.
Does he agree with me that it is somewhat ironic that a country like India, which has call centres from European companies selling insurance, mortgages, loans and other financial services to Europeans, denies those very services to its own people, and will he press India in particular to reform its protectionist system for financial services?
Various Members have already underlined the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises as Europe’s job generators.
The proposal to have an implementation task force is absolutely fundamental.
I do not wish to go into detail regarding a procedural and legal issue that rests exclusively with the Member State in question, but, according to the report before us, the Italian authorities have decided, on the basis of a decision by the Italian Council of State, to nominate a particular politician to the European Parliament whose credentials are called into question by this report.
If it wishes to continue on its path towards accession, it needs to withdraw its troops from Cyprus and end the occupation of Turkish and Greek Cypriots.
For instance, we would like to see a much higher welfare standard in the poultry industry.
There is no contradiction between the steps we have taken against the Burma regime and our expectation that the United States observes its international commitments.
In an area that could so easily be so beneficial, we have allowed language differences to get in the way of us reaching agreement.
Finland’s acceptance is a sign of subservience.
I hope that their presence will lead us all to reflect seriously on the matter.
This must not be left to one side; indeed, in the light of the events of recent weeks, it is even more important that the Commission should produce its proposal promptly.
Now the technical work is being done.
I am thinking here of the need for a more integrated and more generous approach to migration.
Amendment 3: 'We Danish Social Democrats believe that EU subsidies should be removed from European agricultural policy.
Mr President,
This, in turn, will help the Union in its struggle against the abuse of tax havens, against tax evasion, and against the illegal flight of capital.
However, there are still some reserves that will make budget implementation more difficult and complex, and I hope that they can be lifted as early as possible.
This means that the Member States and the candidate countries are represented on the selection panel, at the pre-selection stage, and are able to make their contribution this way: it is not only those in Brussels who have a say, which is very important.
But it is not we who elect the British Government; that is the responsibility of others.
Economic freedom is one of the characteristics of the common market.
We approved the report on VAT fraud only recently.
Thank you, Mr President.
Let me say that we should, in any case, be making more use of indigenous energy sources and not relying so much upon imported fuels.
I was the original rapporteur on Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001 on public access to documents and I well remember the heated debates, not only within Parliament but within the Council and within the trialogue, as we set out to win the arguments for what was at that time a groundbreaking regulation.
There is an international convention, and that naturally remains applicable here.
I naturally appreciate how important it is to link it to trade and development issues and issues of funding, but it is also important to safeguard the whole idea of our being concerned here with a single whole.
You can say it, but it does not change anything.
For the same reasons, the Commission is unable to accept Amendment 11 increasing the breadth of the provisions which apply to inert waste, or Amendment 15 deleting the various permissible time periods before a waste storage area qualifies as a 'waste facility'.
The funds in question actually belong to the Turkish Parliament Foundation and this is financed by the members of parliament in Turkey.
So let us do all that and let us be vigilant about preventing what we want to prevent: the continued violation of human rights.
I am particularly happy that we have obliged the suppliers to give full information on the mix of electricity and on the environmental consequences of their production.
You negotiate with third country partners; you set the terms of cooperation.
It is regrettable that in 38% of cases the Commission invoked 'unspecified exception' as the reason for refusal.
We are not taken in: the 'development' referred to is a front for the self-serving motivations which have dominated this dismantling of the Lomé agreements.
Therefore, I am personally in favour of freezing all financial resources, particularly when one thinks of the current events in Cyprus.
Mr President, in view of the present circumstances, I wonder whether it is worth visiting the country at this time.
I too regard abandoning the negotiations more as a pyrrhic victory for the developing countries than as a success.
At the same time it is likely that this will make one more tool available which could help to attain the UN's target of 0.7% of GNP.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (NL) Mr President, I, too, should like to thank the Court of Auditors, and not least their staff.
This is probably correct, because the Member States are not in a position to come up with accurate calculations.
We cannot go along with that.
We are sad about the effects of disasters that have struck us hard and we are sad that we have not dedicated enough time, energy and courage to rejecting this regrettable manipulation.
From this point of view, the European Union actually has a deficit which, although it makes statements in treaties and confirms and organizes several important issues, in reality, when it is a question of implementing financial business, has problems executing commitments assumed with regard to those countries.
Citizens expect us to take real steps towards a social Europe, and to ensure that employment rights in the internal market and equal pay for equal work at the same location play a part.
I really want to appeal to the Council to try to bring about a resolution on China, where outrages against Chinese citizens are becoming worse and worse, especially violence against Falun Gong members, which has been stepped up.
It seems to me that we must try to continue to enlarge this budget line and encourage its use by others.
10.
I somewhat regret, however, that the Committee on Industry has not incorporated our opinion on Internet costs.
The next item is the report (A4-0126/97) by Mrs McCarthy, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, on development problems and structural interventions in the United Kingdom in the period l994-1999.
Only one, Amendment No 4, is unacceptable to the Commission.
I would like to thank the European Parliament and especially the rapporteur, Mr Tom Megahy, for such a very positive reaction and for your strong support for the proposal at all times.
From that point of view, neither local governments and much less non-governmental organisations, for example the farming cooperatives which would be interested in further development of the farming sector, have any involvement in the formulation of proposals for the third Community Support Framework, nor have they had any involvement in the previous CSFs.
This is a victory for the proponents of a social Europe and a step towards more equality between men and women in Europe.
By the end of the year, these committees will be assigned specific, practical tasks, such as (i) mediation, (ii) drafting recommendations and guidelines, and (iii) an explicit role to strengthen the analysis and responsiveness to risks to the stability of the EU financial system.
That should be the responsibility of each Member State – it is a question of subsidiarity.
Five, the concept of 'driving time' has been defined by the committee so as to create greater legal certainty.
These are substantial achievements by any measure and we should credit those who have worked so hard to bring them forward.
Beyond these unpleasant facts, and the feeling among Bulgarians is that their institutions are not working properly and that human rights are being brutally undermined.
However, some issues remain outstanding, in particular, the need to establish a plan to combat possible pressure from illegal migration.
Europe is founded upon a shared history and culture, upon values that bind us, and the Member States – now numbering 25 – together.
The lack of efficient healthcare and pre-school education in rural areas is precisely what concerns women from Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania.
These are all extremely important, but they do not add up to actual political weight.
The positive experience of innovative actions of small promoters was jeopardised by their distance from the policy process.
The EU supports Russia wholeheartedly in its legitimate fight against terrorism, in Chechnya and elsewhere.
(The President took note that more than 12 Members rose to oppose taking the oral amendment into account)
This would use voluntary marking, but one form of marking only.
As the debate has shown, this is a fascinating subject.
There will be a time when we have to return to the discussion of sensible rules to govern our working as a European Union of 25 – and even larger numbers in the future – rather than 15.
Through the EC Delegation in Damascus, the Commission also participates in the EU observation of trials.
I eagerly await the Council of Ministers meeting in December, when we shall see whether the Heads of Government are able to live up to the hope they have given the citizens of the Union that they will make this Union an effective instrument against organized crime.
In the occupied territories, in Palestine, we are witnessing a difficult situation, with violence amongst Palestinians and also renewed violence between Israel and Palestine.
      Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union is currently debating a compromise package for the 20072013 Financial Perspective.
In respect of the renewal of the Lomé Convention, the Presidency will organize two debates at Council-level, one involving Foreign Affairs Ministers and the other Ministers responsible for Development.
They have been stripped of all context.
Yes, good governance and human rights are on the agenda. But it is not the case any more that one side is listening and the other one is making its point.
The Commission is a member of ICCAT, and the Member States of the European Union wish to fulfill all the recommendations set out by this body.
These provisions make it possible to conduct freely all the activities related to cross-border cooperation.
We have emphasised and promoted the importance of non-technological innovation, alongside technological innovation.
I have received six motions for a resolutionpursuant to Rule 103(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
It will be very well received by those who closely observe the way that we do our business.
Our group supports the committee' s amendments.
The general agreement to be approved later will lead to a gradual liberalization of markets on both sides.
This is happening at a time when the US is anxious to mend fences with the EU and needs our help.
Unfortunately, the Council is not quite so agreeable.
CAP reform will play a huge part in this, and food security should be a central component of our work as this CAP reform goes ahead.
The number of criticisms is nonetheless dwarfed by the overall positive result.
(SV) Because the European Union is also a union of values that should safeguard the human rights of every individual within it, we have chosen to vote in favour of the present report.
The completion of K2 and R4 nuclear reactors is part of an agreement between the G7 and Ukraine on the closure of Chernobyl.
We talk about technical implementation provisions.
Situation in Gaza
In France, for instance, you have to complete a bureaucratic obstacle course in order to fit a solar panel: no fewer than seven separate procedures are involved in turning an energy consumer into an energy producer.
member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, rapporteur, ladies and gentlemen, honourable members, I would first of all like to congratulate Mrs Gomez for her excellent work on this sensitive and difficult, even controversial, subject.
In addition, the clauses concerning the obligation to draw up a remediation strategy that includes objectives for repair measures, a financing mechanism and identification of priority areas requiring particular protection from erosion, salinisation or acidification, over a period of seven years from the introduction of the directive, is very encouraging.
Madam President, the Minutes give Mrs Stenzel as the member of the ACP delegation from the delegation of Austrian Members.
Last week the Member States issued a very feeble condemnation of secret CIA detention camps, but I would like to know whether the Europeans will continue to use the information obtained in these secret and illegal prisons.
The Economist asked the question: Will today's politicians ever be frank enough to tell the people that globalisation is good for Europe and for them?
One is that we take the view that, in a decoupled system, leaving land fallow or setting it aside should primarily be determined by environmental considerations, although it may be, in view of the tragic events we have lived through over recent weeks in connection with various floods in Europe, that other new issues will come into play.
But the debate will continue, regardless of what is going to happen in the next part-session in April and which I hope will accord with the political wishes the two of you have expressed here.
I hope that the Commission will review its position and not impose swingeing cuts on our fleets.
Mr Van Rompuy, the automatic nature of the sanctions during the preventive phase was sacrificed in Deauville.
I firmly believe it is a new beginning for Northern Ireland and we must build on that.
Therefore, like Mrs Bowles, I am going to reject the proposal in its entirety.
What is even worse is that it is planned for the old Member States to join SIS II in June 2008, but the new Member States will only be able to join in the distant future.
This is particularly the case with Diego-Suarez in Madagascar where, as in Abidjan, Dakar, Mahé, Ghana and Mauritius, the fishing agreements have made it possible to set up major industrial activities on the ground and to create a significant number of jobs.
It is for the agency to reduce this gulf and to establish common safety objectives.
The fact also that he is being subjected to legal proceedings while under the influence of psychoactive drugs which prevent him from acting and speaking freely, rendering him unrecognisable, is a blatant mockery of justice. Will the Council, therefore, say how it will react to this flagrant violation of the rights and dignity of the prisoner and what measures it will take to enable Abdullah Öcalan to be examined by independent medical experts in order to guarantee his physical and mental integrity throughout his detention and trial, safeguarding the right of the prisoner to his dignity and his life?
Mr Santer, President of the European Commission, you have the floor.
We run from administration to administration, knowing full well that it is only ever half the game and that the American Congress is immensely important in this game.
We will be returning to you with two further reports in a few months' time to confirm the whole process.
There is an amendment which will shortly be presented by Mr Speroni.
I want to point out that the concept of more jobs and more quality jobs is a part of the Lisbon Strategy for growth and employment.
I support the draft European Constitution because, for all its faults, it is a useful instrument for enhancing effectiveness and democracy in the EU.
Such action would clearly demonstrate the EU's determination to make real and tangible progress on this all-important issue.
Commissioner, could you check scrupulously whether a country like Angola, which is buying so many weapons, is complying with the Lomé Convention, and could you check whether the EU money is benefiting all people of Angola, not merely the elite.
(PL) I would like to start by recalling the Polish-Czech underground opposition meeting organised 21 years ago by Solidarity in the Giant Mountains on the Polish-Czech border.
I share the rapporteur, Mr Kirkhope' s, enthusiasm for this initiative and I congratulate him on the work he has carried out, which seeks to speed up the entry into force of the provisions of the Convention, still not ratified to date, that are considered to be most urgent by the Member States.
The adoption of the euro by only 6 or 7 core countries of the Union, as is the wish of Bavaria's Minister-President Edmund Stoiber, Member of the European Parliament Ingo Friedrich and Theo Waigel, the German Finance Minister - all of whom are members of the CSU Party - is something which I could not have voted for.
If you look at the note that Eurostat circulated this morning on inflation at the end of November, you will see that most EU countries outside the euro area have a higher inflation rate than the country with the highest inflation within the euro area.
We believe that, to solve the citizens' problems, we need a Europe that has the appropriate competences and the institutional instruments required to manage them correctly and sufficient resources to implement them.
   Mr President, one year ago the European Commission adopted a proposal on the rationalisation of European instruments for the recognition of transparency of qualifications and competences.
Cases being brought to the Ombudsman and the Committee on Petitions are of increasing complexity and therefore require a greater investment of resources by the institutions, in order that the citizens' concerns are properly addressed.
In a perverse reversal, we can hide but we cannot run.
They are both caricatures, distortions of a complex issue that is intrinsically linked to people’s rights and expectations and to the need to safeguard collective security and public order.
And I would remind you that disability is, in itself, still an area for development within the EU.
It is for the people of Israel to make their democratic choice and then for the rest of us to deal with the consequences.
I echo Commissioner Marín in urging the Council to bring in Egypt as an important country.
Mr President, at the end of the five-hour debate on the climate and energy package yesterday, the House was given a considered response on behalf of the Presidency by Minister Borloo and on behalf of the Commission by Commissioner Dimas and Commissioner Piebalgs.
Some difficult negotiations are awaiting the Commission this spring.
Everyone in the country must join forces to launch the peace process that unfortunately has yet to begin.
Many UN agencies, funds and programs possess reservoirs of professional skills and know-how as well as broad-based information and data systems.
Mr President, I find the report submitted by Mrs Van Lancker to be very interesting in every respect, especially as she ventures to highlight the serious problems arising from the Schengen Agreement.
This is how practical Europe is gradually diverging from the Europe of intentions, making people more uneasy.
How would it have prevented the British or Danish citizens now being accused of being presumptive bombers?
Studies also suggest that there is a risk of the rural economy being weakened because of the transition to single payments per farm, etc. It goes without saying that the above risks are greatest in the new member countries.
We must therefore reject the Reform Treaty and set about doing some fundamental work on a system to guarantee the rights of peoples under the conditions of European integration.
The first problem with this issue is the agenda, which I think would be difficult to set at this stage.
The solution lies in paying off old RAL, specifically in categories 3 (internal policy) and 4 (external action), not in creating further RAL.
If these general conditions are not met, the Council can decide to suspend financial assistance.
We really do face some formidable tasks in this area.
We are doing it because real peace can only be created when there is justice for the victims - and there are victims not just with Pakistani or Indian passports.
- (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say that I voted in favour of the van Nistelrooij report, but I would also take this opportunity, for the benefit of the few spectators who remain, to say that, if, instead of continuing to go around the European Union and around their constituencies speaking ill of the Union, those Members of this House who today so roundly criticised the European Union and its procedural method were to provide much more objective information, this would undoubtedly create a completely different atmosphere.
The Commission cannot accept deletion of this provision from the Claims Regulation.
In addition to purely economic factors, such as market share, other criteria such as the level of development and the commitment of beneficiary countries to follow the path of democracy should then be taken into consideration, and preference should be given to trade in those products that frequently play a distinctive role in the economy of a given country, such as textiles for Sri Lanka, bananas for Barbados, and cocoa in the case of Côte d’Ivoire.
Her newspaper is run by Golos, an independent electoral monitoring group.
It does not help that the industry itself acts in a secretive way when a problem occurs.
(Applause)
Therefore, we must persuade the Commission and the Council to tackle these issues comprehensively at last and to discuss, at last, the matter of Kosovo's final status, to resolve, at last, the issue of Kosovar prisoners, and then to help our Macedonian friends deal with their genuine problems.
Mr President, this afternoon in Laos the verdict has been reached in the case of three westerners.
We have also taken an important step as far as the substance is concerned, because we have achieved a considerable degree of cohesion and compatibility between the two packages of guidelines, which will be conducive to better coordination and more efficient cooperation with the Member States.
The European Social Fund is not a tool for implementing such ideas.
Mr President, you and Mr Daul described the situation in the Conference of Presidents as well as yesterday and also this morning.
The Council was delighted at the fact that the new Spanish Foreign Minister, Mrs Palacio, who had just come to the Council from Parliament, had met her Moroccan opposite number in Rabat immediately after the episode and that they had confirmed the desire to return to the earlier status quo.
Addressing the symptoms alone is no sort of solution; we also have to face up to the underlying causes.
Unbundling has become a kind of magic potion, whereas the experience of those countries that have been practising it certainly does not put the case for liberal measures of this kind.
However, I do not wish to talk only about procedural matters, since the TENs are far too important for that.
Another major impact will be that dealers' hopes of catering for consumers in sparsely populated areas will possibly be dashed and it will probably make it hard for consumers to acquire vehicles locally.
That is the core of the system architecture, but alongside that there are other public policy areas where we want to do research.
Madam President, this means that we have finally got rid of one of the most grisly premium payments, namely the Herod premium.
As part of this process, we were able to resolve several contradictory positions judiciously and satisfactorily.
We need to provide greater impetus on the structural policy side, and that is why the economic policy guidelines must indeed be reoriented, as Parliament is calling for today.
Carrier preselection is an excellent way for the consumer to benefit in the short term from the European liberalization policy.
This is not at all remarkable, as there is no democratic control over any national police force.
Social dumping has become the only competitive tool in the European Union.
This is a matter of some urgency and I am very grateful to colleagues in this Parliament for agreeing to have today's debate and for supporting this resolution.
This raises a number of very serious concerns.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin by congratulating Mrs Roure for the work she has carried out, and to underline what Mr Oreja Arburúa has just said about ensuring that the measures we are about to approve benefit their intended targets and are not cynically exploited.
Our dialogue has developed greater depth and regularity in recent years.
Since I took office, I have made every effort to advance the DDA and to keep it on track.
We will achieve much more by moving from individual transport to public transport.
Clearly, the aim is to silence any progressive Turkish Cypriot voices opposed to the occupation and plans to partition Cyprus and this is especially significant at this crucial stage of the proceedings on the Cyprus question.
As you see, there is no more ambiguity and I will therefore end by thanking the rapporteurs, Mrs Iivari, Mrs Pack and Mrs Prets, for the quality of their work and above all for the spirit in which they undertook it.
In this situation, it is more necessary than ever to reduce the gap between the European Union and its citizens, bringing the multinational yet shared cultural heritage of the European Union to its citizens and, above all, to future generations.
The action plan for mobility and the Commission proposal to adopt a directive combining the various legislative instruments on the freedom of movement and residence of the citizens of the Union in a single text is of particular importance to women and the problems they face in the framework of European integration.
As far as the European Union is concerned, exports of sensitive equipment and technology are regulated by Council Regulation (EC) No 1334/2000.
   Mr President, allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Pack, on the work she has done on this subject, so important for the future of the European Union.
Parliament’s great interest in having closer relations with Taiwan, including in a multilateral framework, is a matter of record.
On governance, I would like to underline two elements.
We must keep a very close eye on the situation, because, if it were to continue to worsen, not only would the people of Guinea suffer but so too could the whole of that region of Africa, as the deepening internal conflict would spread to neighbouring countries.
Thanks to its agreement with the EU, Morocco benefits from an entry price to which it does not adhere.
We are very committed to our relations with the countries around the southern rim of the Mediterranean.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
It is pollution at airports.
The right to free movement and security must come under democratic control and hence the vigilance of the national parliaments, so that national legislation is adapted to the Schengen agreements in full respect of international conventions on asylum, protection of individual privacy and human rights.
It makes little sense to me.
That would be an easy way of shirking our political responsibility.
What subjects are debated?
It is about the Minutes from the day before yesterday.
The agreement reached in the Council last month for the furtherance of the Lisbon Treaty is welcome.
For that reason, I think that the air navigation services will do a good job here.
The temporary committee' s report expresses a thought-provoking blend of power and impotence, something we can, of course, see in the introductory quotation from one of the great satirists of antiquity, Juvenal, who formulates the hard but highly thought-provoking question, 'Who watches the watchmen?'
When Europol was first established in the early 1990s, it was presented as a clearing house - as a regional branch of Interpol, if you like.
The evidence on the scoreboard helps us to better take account of consumer interests.
The communication mentions the pilot project for the resettlement of refugees in Malta, but it does not introduce the notion of a pilot project concerning relocation of unauthorised migrants or asylum seekers - and this despite the repeated calls for such a burden-sharing system from various Member States and Members of Parliament.
It is therefore imperative that Member States transpose internal market legislation into national law in a timely manner.
On the other hand, the interim agreement which we approved on 19 April 1996 has just come into force, a few days ago.
It sets out the general objective of tariff elimination by the year 2000 for a detailed list of information technology products.
As President Prodi has made reference to Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Turkey, I do not need to repeat what he said, but I do want to put forward a few ideas for your consideration.
Where these combination products are classified as medicines, currently they are not covered by the present UK regime for unlicensed herbal medicines and therefore require a marketing authorisation.
The year 2006 is set to be a good one for multilateralism.
I declare opened the 1999-2000 session of the European Parliament.
in writing. - The common organisation of the market in fisheries products is intended to ensure stability in the market and security of income for those involved in the sector.
It will therefore be necessary for awareness and resources and programmes to be aimed specifically at women and girls, taking into account their interests.
Today, the political affinity that existed between Mr Blair and Mr Clinton is no longer even applicable.
Today if we read the text which your officials are working on, Mr Roche, it is clear that this is an exercise for which Altiero Spinelli would have retold the story of ‘The Old Man and the Sea’ who, returning to the shore with his large fish, as you will remember, finds it has been devoured by sharks.
In recent weeks there has been an element which I would like to stress, which is the approval of the Community patent, which will undoubtedly be an innovative element and which will allow for greater European innovation and of course to define public expenditure according to criteria which will improve productivity or production.
It is essential to keep the commitment made by the European Union.
This means that burdens have to be shared equitably.
This is the general approach we are also applying to the textile industry.
That part of customs work is crucial to ensuring that our businesses can trade on a level playing field and that consumers draw the full benefits of globalisation.
I must confess that very often my personal preference is to look more at the technology end rather than the scientific end.
It is important that the Community does not apply the agreed disciplines before the exemption is actually issued.
Consequently, following storm Xynthia in March, which hit the coastal areas of Charente-Maritime and Vendée, and the floods that affected the island of Madeira in Portugal in February, it was only natural that I should approve the mobilisation of the European Solidarity Fund in order to compensate for the damage caused by these disasters.
We must naturally help demilitarise and neutralise Hezbollah.
Members of the Portuguese PSD (Social Democratic Party) therefore voted in favour of this report.
So please go ahead and ask the President-in-Office of the Council something else about organised crime.
This changeover will require a new way of thinking and a positive attitude to the event.
I believe that a very specific form of encouragement is required in the case of companies which are now able to earn far more from currency speculation than they can through genuine economic activity.
They must be the guiding principles for the Member States' cooperation within the Union.
For that reason, we greatly look forward to working with you over the coming five years.
Please restrict yourself to speaking as a questioner.
Mr President, the countries of Europe are linked to Latin America by close historical, cultural and human ties.
What is at stake here?
This is a problem we do not want to confront.
We talk a lot in the EU about democracy and human rights, but women too need to have human and democratic rights.
President of the Commission. - Mr President, a few months ago in my political guidelines and here in plenary, I proposed taking this special partnership between Parliament and the Commission to a new level.
Finally, I come to the proposal for a directive on the mutual recognition of expulsion decisions, which the French Presidency presented last July.
   . We have rejected this attempt to impose a pseudo-constitutional process to legitimise the Convention document and we disagree with the support expressed for the financial provisions it establishes.
Amendment 4 and Amendments 18 and 19 cannot be accepted, since the text proposed by the Commission is correct - in the case of Amendment 4 - or is sufficiently clear - in the case of Amendments 18 and 19.
We also recognise that the Treaties explicitly exclude any effect on domestic rules governing the system of property ownership.
During diverse crises, the European Central Bank, the Federal Reserve and the Bank of Japan have helped to protect Europe from monetary crises.
With regard to the possibility of providing more resources or extending the information process, as proposed in the Karas report, the Commission is in favour of both options.
In Scotland it seems that we are about to split the ownership of the ships from the ownership of the companies that sail them.
Mr Monti's replies indeed show that what he and questioner Cars state is and remains a problem.
I believe, Ms Patrie, that you have received a lot of recognition for your hard work.
Practice with teamwork, group learning processes and good problem-solving skills all equip young people for future jobs.
In my view, the underlying reasons for events in the world of politics are of secondary importance.
The sector is suffering from excessive red tape.
The analysis of the nominal convergence criteria is silent with regard to its consequences in terms of the risk of economic deflation, the adverse effect on public investment, economic growth and policies to combat unemployment.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I regret that it was not possible to vote on the agreed oral amendment tabled.
Furthermore, the sanctions envisaged by the Member States must be effective, proportionate and act as a deterrent, and should include custodial sentences.
Allow me to support the statement by Mrs Meissner that what is really needed is one voice, a unified message, which comes not only from the EU institutions, but from all EU Member States.
Thanks go to everyone who has been involved.
If these changes are made, we can keep the Turks in Europe, welcoming this secular state with its Muslim people as our ally in the fight against terrorism and extremism.
The ultimate beneficiary will be European society.
We are not going to shout 'Peace!' and then murder it as we did 70 years ago.
Saving energy is like motherhood: it is always admired but seldom supported.
That is why a separate Accession Treaty for Bulgaria may be necessary.
Therefore, we must urgently adopt the recommendation and report in question so that amendment of Protocol No 36 to the Treaty of Lisbon will be given the go-ahead, without convening a convention, but by directly convening an intergovernmental conference, as proposed by the rapporteur.
In addition, and in keeping with what we have always contended, the report also questions the condition of meeting the convergence criteria to receive Fund money and also opposes the Commission's proposal that benefiting from the Fund means meeting the conditions of the Stability Pact.
This morning, the European Parliament has shown realism and responsibility with regard to an issue that is certainly technical, but whose economic consequences are not insignificant.
In view of the fact that Japan is the country with the highest research and development expenditure in the world, expressed as a percentage of the gross national product, it is regrettable that there is little cooperation in this area.
Moreover, I believe that, if you and I had had to draft this report, we would have taken the right measures in this House in codecision with the Council a long time ago.
It is therefore essential that we adopt this approach.
Lastly, we shall also be happy to support Mr van der Waal's amendment which seeks primarily to secure honest and transparent charging for the use of infrastructure.
The Council's work therefore needs to be extremely energetic, if we want to prevent blood baths and if we want to prevent further outbreaks of war with unforeseeable consequences.
For over 70 years, Shannon airport has been the gateway airport between the United States and Ireland.
The European Union is the world's largest provider of humanitarian and development aid.
This interesting and stimulating political debate, in which the President of this House also took part, reinforced our faith in the future.
I can therefore only regret that the Council has no competence in this matter.
   Mr President, over the past weeks, the European Commission ordered on-site inspections at several significant energy companies.
I believe that international trade is a decisive factor.
I welcome this debate.
Let us not deceive ourselves: by denouncing this "confinement to barracks' of member countries, the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations does not intend to defend indirectly the rigidity and ponderousness with which a significant number of our economies are afflicted, especially the French economy.
It will permit the development of a sustainable and more environmentally friendly mode in a way in which logistics can be developed to the full in terms of efficiency.
To conclude, I should like to say that the very foundation, the philosophy, underlying what we have proposed, is the principle of ownership.
This assessment must specifically evaluate the effects of the introduction of the tax on financial transactions in the European Union, as opposed to its introduction at global level.
The idea of a single, consolidated legal text - as put forward in parts of Amendments Nos 4 and 6 - is one I find very attractive.
Mr President, I want to acknowledge the work and effort put into this report by the rapporteur, Mrs Miranda de Lage.
The Commission is proposing an average level of appropriations for commitments of 1.22% for the period 2007 – 2013.
   .
The whole question about the importance of services and opening up service markets is one we are about to address seriously within our own internal market.
As the European Parliament pointed out last January, the European Union and its Member States provide more than half of the contributions to the United Nations system and to peace-keeping missions.
Nor can the Commission accept Amendments Nos 6 and 18, because it does not think that self-regulation - which we welcome in many sectors - can take the place of real and effective monitoring instruments; although we very much favour self-regulation, we do not believe that it can replace the monitoring instruments which must be operated by the Member States, who are responsible for applying the principles of the directive.
The Commission therefore takes good note of the rapporteur's proposal to have an explicit reference in the text of the Constitution, which is currently being drafted, to the need for an information and communication policy as a condition for the exercise of European citizenship.
We note that no member of the opposition will have a parliamentary seat.
I have been doing that for the last month, so I shall now continue in English.
The financial framework for the period 2007-2013 turned the 'territorial cooperation' objective into one of the three pillars of the EU's cohesion policy, replacing the INTERREG Community initiative.
But I was just wondering, what will this mean - if it is ratified - for sporting organisations and governing bodies?
As far as the political situation in the Maldives is concerned, and in line with the statement by the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, the Commission welcomes the recent political developments in the Maldives and is pleased with the reforms that have been introduced to date.
We are already distancing ourselves from the USA, and an objectionable anti-Americanism occasionally puts in an appearance.
That is surely fair.
As far as Community measures to deal with the problem are concerned, I would start by recalling that the application of health protection measures falls to the authorities of the Member States.
Finally, I should like to turn to a different issue which has also been raised by the European Parliament on several occasions, namely the question of cross-border retail payment services in the euro area.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has done so.
I should also like to see – again, like in Belgium – the right to vote granted to non-Europeans insofar as they make a solemn commitment to abide by what is laid down in the Constitution and in the laws of their host countries.
B5-0347/2000 by Mr Collins, on behalf of the Union for a Europe of Nations Group;
And again I associate myself with the full force and rigour of Mrs Reding's comments.
A detailed check must be carried out on this information, along with an objective evaluation of the possible repercussions which allowing inmates to return to their country of residence could have.
It is, therefore, literally an explosion.
Mrs Doyle stressed the fact that the virus is developing in young people and that efforts at prevention must be strengthened while ensuring that freedom of movement is not hampered, and Mrs Gurmai agreed with this.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on progress made on resettling Guantánamo detainees and on closing Guantánamo.
in writing. - The negotiation and signing of fisheries agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet, including the open-sea fleet, as also with the development of relations with third countries in a spirit of partnership and cooperation, with a view to reinforcing sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
The European Commission rightly sees consumers' rights as an important, even constitutional, priority.
The Commission is of the opinion that, as yet, it is still not the right time to formulate these; nevertheless the Commission considers that attention should be paid to this problem.
In fact we have a moral obligation to do more than to warn young people, in particular teenagers, of the acute dangers of cigarette smoking for our health.
We believe this to be right, even though we, of course, have difficulty with the problem of begging - which I openly admit - and also in many respects with illegal migration.
You will recall that the Commission was unable to accept at the first reading an amendment that referred to research in general, since this does not come within the legal premise underlying the recommendation.
The Committee on Legal Affairs has proposed important amendments to the scope of the regulation.
This can only be carried out with the involvement of the international community and key non-governmental organisations.
Mrs Hautala, I have just received some information regarding Mrs McKenna, and I shall of course see what we can do to help her.
I would like to draw your attention, ladies and gentlemen, to points which might seem minor but which concern Parliament's use of its power of initiative.
It therefore calls for solutions that will also endure, not just for the fisheries industry but for all the sectors concerned.
Because I really have to say, if we really want the best technical measure to conserve fishing stocks, it is not to be found in the common fisheries policy.
So I have nothing more to add, in point of fact.
I would like to say to Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that there should be no confusion as to what this particular committee is about.
I think it is very important that we keep our minds on the real problem.
Otherwise, I fully support what our two rapporteurs have said.
My wish for all of us is that we draw faith and courage for our work from the second anniversary of the last enlargement.
We have to go on extending our remit to cover the whole range of maritime traffic which, as I have said on previous occasions, has changed out of all recognition over the last hundred years, in terms of the number of vessels, the number of tonnes of materials being transported and the nature and quality of those materials.
I voted in favour of this report.
It will mean that future generations will find that not only will there be no dolphins or whales, but there will be no tuna fish and very little fish at all.
I am sorry, but an intervention tomorrow is the only option left to you.
Our rapporteur, whom I should like to thank very sincerely for his report, has successfully analysed the first two dimensions, to which the consumers in the northern Member States of the Union are particularly sensitive.
Mr President, I speak on behalf of the great majority of the GUE/NGL Group.
This report enables us to go somewhat further.
Can I therefore ask if the Commission agrees that a Eurobarometer survey shows that 75% of Europeans favour basic research aimed at new technologies which help knowledge to progress?
That is the message from the Czech Republic today: an independent court taking a decision in maybe a week's time, or it may be two weeks before we know how they will proceed.
The KLA must comply with the imposed deadline of 19 September.
I should like to make a few suggestions, starting at European level, which might frighten some who have already spoken.
This would require a radical break with your policy of privatisation and of dismantling public services.
During the debates on the regulation on public access to administrative documents, Germany, France and Spain were the three biggest opponents of greater openness.
Does the President-in-Office agree with me that it is very appropriate that the European Union should engage in this political activity in order to make the point that we do not want to destroy but to support and maintain minority cultures and languages?
Thought needs to be given to ways of putting a stop to sex tourism and, in particular, to the forms of legal action available to us in our own countries.
Notwithstanding my concerns, I gave my support to this resolution.
I am just reading the list in front of me, as you very well know.
As a result, worryingly, many Europeans have started to support the far right, whose principles run counter to European values, as a reaction to this.
Being in favour of this new realistic and balanced approach, I supported the adoption of this report during the final vote in plenary.
in writing. - I followed our rapporteur's position on this topic, Giegold, and voted in favour of his report.
I consider it essential for Europe to establish strong relations with certain regional and global players, by supporting them and establishing strong political and economic ties.
At present, fighting is continuing at Lubumbashi and in other areas of the country; all the information reaching us suggests that there are thousands of casualties and hundreds of thousands of people driven from their homes, and that living conditions for millions of refugees, especially in the eastern regions of the country, are becoming more appalling day by day.
This is why we have voted against the report.
The debate is closed.
When we – as we inevitably do – experience shortfalls in services, we solve the problem by hiring people from other countries.
Exactly one year ago, just after the Albanian election had taken place, I asked the same question of the Italian Presidency as it then was.
The necessary measure to combat these diseases would lead to an overall lifting of the quality of life for some of the world's poorest people.
This socio-economic context and this additional perspective of employment and social cohesion are also the very aspects I should like to stress on behalf of my group.
The measures proposed in the Commission communication appear to be geared exclusively towards victims from one Member State in another Member State, or third country victims legally resident in one Member State in another Member State.
Mr Nassauer's report cites thirteen such texts, which are among the most important ones.
I should add that I appreciate very much the European Parliament's commitment in keeping HIV/AIDS high on the political agenda.
The vote on the resolution on the Luxembourg Presidency will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, more than two thirds of the amendments tabled by the Committee on External Economic Relations were accepted either in full or in principle by the Committee on Budgets.
Since 2001, considerable progress has been made, particularly in the field of national legislations.
It is evident that global warming has already reached the point where the international community is faced with a stark choice: either to continue the methods of growth and accept an eventual catastrophe, or to pluck up courage for a transformational approach which can adequately mitigate the consequences of global warming and prevent the worst.
I should also like to point out that these documents illustrate, once again, how difficult it is to establish genuine cooperation between Parliament and the Council, as is still all too often the case.
Question No 8 by Sören Wibe (H-0414/98)
Moreover, he was not covered by the Geneva Convention because he was not persecuted.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A4-0483/98), on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the common position adopted by the Council (C4-0540/98-97/0266(SYN)) with a view to adopting a Council Directive relating to limit values for sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and oxides of nitrogen, particulate matter and lead in ambient air (Rapporteur: Mrs Pollack).
One million photovoltaic roofs and house fronts, 10 000 megawatts from wind, 10 000 megawatts from biomass.
Specific features of the implementation of these programmes mean, however, that most of the payments will be made in the final years of the programmes, that is 2013-2015.
Again, that is an area we have not sought to change.
EUR 63.5 million has been committed, of which EUR 23 million has actually been disbursed.
The figures speak for themselves; policy-makers need to be particularly aware of this group of people.
Of course, the reduction in payment appropriations for EU cohesion policy is connected with protracted programming problems hindering the Member States from commencing full uptake of EU funds.
When signing international treaties, European Parliament experts will also be included in the discussions.
I also want to add that we have tried to be very conservative and not at all demanding in our recommendation for second reading, choosing the wording of our amendments such that the Council should have little difficulty in accepting them.
Madam President, the European Union is the biggest donor.
Mr President, this Parliament might be able to make a good impression with this debate on EMU.
The question relates to CFL, or compact fluorescent lamps.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FI) Mr President, I would also like to congratulate Mr Brie on a good report.
So demand is evident but what is the proper definition of free range or farm laid or perchery eggs?
It is a terrible problem faced by my country, which is unable to find a solution.
A veritable force for stability, he represented the hope that the Nepalese people would emerge from absolute poverty and that the rule of law and democracy would become established for the long term.
I regret that I am unable to share the rapporteur's viewpoint.
Through your activities and meetings with high-ranking guests during the Year of Intercultural Dialogue, you are strengthening one of the basic European traditions, that is to say the fact that mutual respect and understanding are the basis of coexistence in Europe as well as in the world as a whole.
I recognise that advances have been made to ease the financial and administrative burden on SMEs, such as the 2010 establishment of the SMEs finance forum, but urge the Commission to do more in order to create a more competitive and accessible economy for the SMEs which are so vital to the success of Europe's economy.
What can we do?
Therefore, we should at least explore the idea of a very limited pilot licensing scheme, mindful of the danger of it being hijacked by the Taliban for illegal purposes.
If we take our monitoring role seriously, we also have to audit those items of expenditure that we formerly disregarded, for example, the Council's common foreign and security policy - and I regret that the Council is not present today to hear me say this, for it is in close cooperation with the Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, that I am, quite deliberately, making reference to this policy area today and making a demand for transparent cooperation on the part of the Council.
Furthermore, the report compares an undemocratic Belarus with a Russia that is portrayed as democratic.
And it is very difficult to understand why we cannot accept this solution everywhere in the world.
I cannot understand the reluctance to accept this.
In my speech, I spoke about the situation in the euro area and public finances in 2009.
Those of us who hail from former Communist states know full well how Communist authorities tend to behave, regardless of whether they are ideologically committed to Communism or not.
That is a rather strange set-up, a bit like having a butcher inspecting the quality of his own meat.
I wonder if the time may not have come to consider creating a European body of independent inspectors with the task of monitoring the application of Community law in the Member States.
   Mr President, I wanted to begin by congratulating Mrs Buitenweg on her excellent report.
This must be done under the Dutch Presidency, in the second half of this year or, at the latest, under Luxembourg’s Presidency in the first half of 2005.
The European Parliament has reached agreement with the Council and the Commission on an action programme on the prevention of drug dependence.
The first is Amendment No 17 in which we ask for the removal of the derogation which, in our opinion, deprives the text of its substance and which can only delay the application of the directive.
Consequently, the Commission is currently not in a position to undertake an assessment of the Bulgarian budgetary plans for this year.
This is particularly important because the majority of common foreign and security policy missions, such as, in particular, the European Union's monitoring mission in Georgia and EULEX in Kosovo, are politically sensitive.
I am hopeful, but I am not very confident that this will be possible without us wielding a big stick.
The crisis has revealed the shortcomings of Economic and Monetary Union: it nearly brought down the euro and has resulted in the loss of millions of jobs throughout the continent.
The world has changed dramatically in the last couple of decades.
Mr President, today's debate has been very instructive and shows the great commitment of many honourable Members of this House to these issues.
As Mrs Hieronymi has just said, negotiations are in progress in preparation for UNESCO’s general conference, which is to be held this October.
I would suggest that you expand the group which you have set up in order to continue with open dialogue with Iran by adding countries that traditionally have good relations with Iran, such as my country, Greece, especially now with its present socialist government.
One could point out, however, that third states that strive towards modernising and completing their national export controls regard the EU code of conduct as an important reference document.
The answer is two things in particular.
Without any doubt there has been, as Mr Schulz said, a disturbing and dramatic rise in the number of documented cases of illicit traffic in nuclear materials.
I shall confine myself, this evening, to four brief remarks.
If this involves carrying out structural reforms, by amending the Directive establishing a European Works Council, on the information and consultation of workers, we can only support this.
It is all about the details: how is Parliament to be involved?
You will see that we are basically satisfied that this framework of Staff Regulations will deliver the core parts of the reform: the move to a personnel system where members of staff in all the European institutions will be properly compensated, will be able to exploit their talents and encouraged to progress their careers in a system that rewards their efforts.
That is an ambitious aim, but I believe that a short and clearly circumscribed intergovernmental conference could send out an important signal about the European Union's ability to enlarge and about the effectiveness of its institutions.
Under the motto ‘overcoming exclusion’ we are now starting to work on the ‘Youth’ action programme and in other new areas and are trying to ensure that they are equipped with sufficient financial resources both to meet the growing demands of globalisation and to create spaces in which young people can concern themselves with future European policy.
Only then will the euro zone have a future characterised by growth.
Mr President, I read this Council of the European Union common position through with great interest.
It has also been a matter of concern for me from the outset to promote the dialogue between Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
It is not acceptable, that the centre point of our economic policy in the future will be a central bank, located in the institutional, political and cultural nirvana.
This type of speculative behaviour has a direct impact on people's standard of living and can contribute to political instability.
In view of the disastrous impact which the black tide caused by the wreck of the Prestige is having on the coast of Galicia, and bearing in mind the threat to the islands of the Azores, the Canaries and Madeira, what measures will the Council adopt to guarantee the application of safety rules in the waters surrounding these three archipelagos?
We are counting on the Swedish Presidency.
In second place are the benefits for the environment, and thirdly it should make European transport more efficient.
This report deals with the following points, on which we have also tabled amendments.
The rapporteurs must of course be thanked for their work, but the question arises as to whether this amounts to success and an appropriate compromise. In fact that is not the most crucial issue at stake.
We are all agreed without much hesitation that this inquiry falls within the remit of the United Nations.
But one thing is clear: compared with the Atlantic, the proportion of small ships is several times bigger in the Mediterranean and most fishing is done by these small ships, not big ones.
My last point is that some people on both sides of this argument will try and present it as a clash of civilisations or religions or cultures.
The second aim is to propose an alternative to the current development model and reject the presentation of world free trade as a panacea and a miracle cure for everything.
The Freedom Party is the only Austrian party with a credible and honest policy in this respect.
The trustworthiness of our official bodies is all the more important now that it has been so difficult to reach agreement on the new financial perspectives.
There is also an agreement on comitology which in this case is not what Parliament wanted either, but there is a proposal of continued and regular information to the European Parliament and the Council.
The objective today is not to strengthen this 'integration-unification' , headed by supranational institutions, which we do not want, but to better organise and make more effective the nations' control over Brussels.
Madam Commissioner, my question is how the Commission will reflect on the Israeli non-paper and especially how will the Commission work on a new action plan?
It would be strange if this Parliament, which has been at the vanguard of opening up these services, came along tomorrow and said, for incomprehensible reasons – to me at least – that there must be an exception from this long line of action to open up all these services to competition and that the exception was port services.
Continuous work is needed in order to progressively demolish the walls of prejudice and intolerance in people's heads, while, at the same time, there is a need for the building of new structures founded on acceptance, equality and respect.
The right to vote is the most important of all citizens' rights, as it allows people to participate in the most direct way possible in shaping the course of politics.
We must therefore consider our next steps carefully.
Given these circumstances, Mr President, I would like to express my complete solidarity with Mr Soares in the face of the slanderous campaign that has been targeted at him. I also invite the President of the European Parliament to express to the Angolan Government, through the appropriate channels, this Parliament' s most vehement and indignant protest at the insult that was also targeted at this House, and which represents, apart from anything else, an intolerable abuse of the principle of independence that Members enjoy in carrying out their duties.
Firstly, just as this has now become feasible for certain other programmes, we want PACT to be extended to candidate countries with which negotiations have already started, with a corresponding additional budget of ECU 4 million for the years 2000 and 2001.
All market participants will have the opportunity to make known their views.
What is the desired impact on employment?
In fact, Mr President, the European Union still provides most of the financial contribution, and most of the overall development aid to the rest of the world - and nobody (or hardly anyone) realizes that we do so. The truth is, we are restricting ourselves to the honorable role of footing the bill for the great dramas of the modern world.
This does not seem to be entirely the case at the moment.
We cannot promote fundamental rights all over the world and not say that we consider them binding at home.
These are linked by the necessity of reducing discrepancies in infrastructural standards as well as by the fact that they illustrate perfectly the structure of dependence on the part of Member States which is characteristic of this approach.
We do, of course, support those companies and enterprises that are able to invest money in it, for investment in energy transport is economically of very considerable interest.
I mean the proposals concerning so-called chill-out rooms, drug classification, special injecting rooms and positive information about drugs.
Orphan medicinal products
These are very important changes, and I hope they may be accompanied by a desire to be more alert in making use of the Rules of Procedure than we have been previously.
The text urges the Commission to take major action.
Victims, however, may move from one Member State to another for many reasons, not least to escape crime.
We need not only to develop strong partnerships, but also to coordinate with other donors and have projects that should put words into action as far as the protection of the environment is concerned.
This constitutes a major social regression.
This was a real pleasure.
Formula 1 is a good example.
We have to stop thinking of Frontex as a temporary or isolated measure.
Security against terrorism and road safety are two very different matters, but the Council is not here to take note of your observation.
Without this involvement it will not be possible to combat climate change even if Europe makes the most strenuous efforts.
That applies to the European Union itself.
Commission.
We have been able to tackle the problem of the possibility of maternal transmission by also taking out those animals that might be at risk because of their ancestry.
   The next item is the debate on the Commission communication on the European Communication Strategy – White Paper.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149(8))
I too genuinely believe that carbon dioxide emissions from electric power generation account for over a third of the total carbon dioxide emissions in the European Union.
It is the Commission's firm conviction that the Council conclusions of 18 June are a welcome and necessary first step in this direction.
So I called for the branch manager and asked him whether he knew, in that specific case, what the lira was.
If we want to make progress on the objective of reducing poverty by half by 2015, these points I have indicated demonstrate the direction we must take if we are to succeed.
We should not shirk our responsibilities, and we should lend our support to practical measures.
However, additional tasks also require that we make available the necessary funds, since otherwise it is nothing more than lip service and budgets should not be mere lip service.
I feel like saying the same things again now.
The most significant aspects are practical ones.
In addition, we must insist on mutual respect and good will.
From the beginning, the Barcelona Process has foreseen accompanying and mitigating measures to the Euro-Med FTA.
It could have been anyone&#x02BC;s children.
I am delighted that Parliament today approved this aid which will enable the workers made redundant to receive help, especially in their job search and for training.
Thirdly, the classification of work and its associated risk is a step in the right direction.
Being a national of the country in question is often a requirement for employment.
It would perhaps also be a move towards the Council to create trust: trust not only with regard to the discharge, but in other areas, too, and therefore we are able to agree to this proposal.
In the European Union we need to look more seriously - and I have every intention of doing so - into identifying market mechanisms that would enable us to prevent catastrophes in certain sectors as a result of temporary squeezes on the income levels of producers and input costs.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the few of you who are still here, visitors to the European Parliament, in conclusion, I would like to make some brief remarks on the subject of misleading directory companies.
Facilitating the comparison of offers, the right of withdrawal and advertising will lead to better conditions for our citizens in future, so that they can be king in a market that used to be a real jungle.
Furthermore, loans from the west have been transferred to private tax havens, which must not be tolerated.
Yet does Parliament have a clear idea of where the money has been spent or how effective TACIS has been?
Hence our amendment.
I firmly believe that this consensus should allow for more systematic, coordinated action.
   The debate is closed.
(SL) Firstly, I would like to thank you for the very good presentations on this fairly complicated issue we are discussing today.
We are concerned here with people who have had to pay a very high price for the sake of democracy.
Preservation of this system, which is full of inequalities, is a mistake we cannot accept.
This report is a technical amendment to the existing directive, and it will confer powers on the new supervisory authority, EMSA, from January 2011 onwards.
It is a union of values, and Turkey is now working hard and single-mindedly to adopt these values.
But likewise, nobody should be forced, out of necessity, out of poverty, to take up a job opportunity that is not suitable for them.
The regulation should also aim at technological neutrality, with the rules that govern communication services being as far as possible independent of the technology implemented to provide these services.
The Presidency wants to devote attention to a possible temporary application of parts of the so-called Constitution.
It is too ridiculous for words that medicines from the Netherlands, where the price paid by consumers for generic medicines is so high, are exported to other Member States in parallel.
Many of you may well even be receiving daily e-mails.
It would appear that this is the thing that the North Korean authorities literally mortally fear.
On the other hand, I find it commendable that the Directive fully respects the rights as regards collective bargaining and the signing, broadening and implementing of collective agreements, as well as the right to strike and to take industrial action in accordance with the regulations of Member States governing industrial relations.
No, that is not on.
I recently heard - to my amazement as well as to my satisfaction -the same opinion expressed, if I am not mistaken, by a German member of the Green group, who said: well, if 90 % is labelled, what significance does that have for the consumer?
Let us urgently concentrate on the substantial risk of PAHs from sources such as incinerators, especially when those incinerators will burn tyres containing PAHs.
The restoration of confidence in the beef sector will be a major focus of attention during our presidency.
The economic issues are important, and it would not be appropriate to delay the cooperation envisaged in the interim agreement.
A referral like that is the least we can do to protect our citizens' rights and we are not there yet - far from it.
I have also made it clear in my report that we must not shrink away from positive action if we are to harbour hopes of correcting the situation relatively quickly.
And then, all languages are learnt within the family first of all.
This procedure concerned state aid granted in the form of relief on social security contributions.
Indeed, what farmer needs Brussels to tell him not to allow his assets to degrade?
Recommendation for second reading (A5-0039/2001) by Mr Miller
That is why I shall be voting in favour.
However, the Member States do of course have to ensure that these social rules are applied in a harmonised way in Europe.
All Members of Parliament for the new Member States have voted unanimously to defend their interests.
The intention seems to be that this House should have a debate on blood at about midnight when the werewolves are out, but be that as it may, at precisely midnight, I heard Commissioner Byrne say - but it may have been an error of interpretation, which is why I should like to have it repeated - that he did not believe that blood from stable and voluntary pools of donors, familiar to us from a number of Member States, was safer and of a higher quality than that obtained from people who supplement their income by donating blood.
We can only allow data to be passed on where there are strong reasons to suspect the person concerned of being involved in crime.
This is surely some mistake!
Secondly, it has made sure that there has not been a descent into anarchy in the Palestinian territories - because let us be clear that the alternative to a Palestinian authority is Palestinian anarchy.
However, the UK Government is far too cavalier in taking children into state care, so voting in favour of this recital will be a shot across their bow.
The sitting was closed at 11.20 a.m.
One last question Commissioner Fischler: in our parliamentary resolution we also asked for the hectare subsidies, all income subsidies, to be paid before 31 October of each year.
This is a step in the right direction for the European Parliament.
Nord Stream is no solution.
We have to grasp the scale of what has happened this week, but we must move on and forward in a way that meets with the approval of the European people as a whole.
A strong commitment to the single market is key to competitiveness in the EU and therefore the euro area.
If the terrible events of 22 December jolt those in a position of responsibility to take the actions required, not only to resolve the conflict, but also to tackle the underlying problems of poverty, deprivation and discrimination which lie behind the Zapatista revolt, the victims of Acteal will not have died in vain.
There has been noticeable success, which has found expression throughout Europe in improved growth and falling unemployment rates.
We must remember that at the moment the United States federal courts have issued a ban against the US Navy to prevent it from using high-power and low-frequency sonar in the Pacific Ocean, in order to prevent damage to marine fauna.
Therefore, we have created in the neighbourhood policy the Neighbourhood Investment Fund which, in principle, targets the South and the East.
In Europe we have 18 million employers in a labour force of 250 million.
So a whole network of firms largely managed to bring the implementation of a whole policy under their control, and they were able to do so because this was tolerated, if not encouraged, by Commission officials.
Is it clear why the EU subsidises tobacco cultivation while banning tobacco advertising at the same time?

Firstly, I wonder what reaction the Commissioner received from Poland and the Baltic States when all these measures were presented.
That position is enshrined in the conclusions which were agreed at Cardiff yesterday; if they have not already been circulated they will be very shortly.
Written statements (Rule 149)
   Mr President, Madam Vice-President, Mrs Maes, Mr Stockmann, Commission staff, ladies and gentlemen, we are indeed a cosy huddle of experts.
Reducing dependency on Russian gas can also be achieved through implementing projects such as the Nabucco pipeline, a key priority for the European Union, along with other smaller projects, such as the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline, the Turkey-Greece-Italy Interconnector or the Azerbaijan-Georgia-Romania Interconnector, which highlight the particular importance of the Black Sea to the Union's energy security.
What is civil society?
The resolution is a basis to create real opportunities for individual and corporate service users from countries such as mine, the Republic of Bulgaria, which are not located centrally within the territory of the EU, to have access to pan-European mobile satellite services, including access to broadband Internet, mobile multimedia applications, services related to civil protection in the case of natural and industrial disasters and, of course, this facilitates improvement in the competitiveness of countries lying in the periphery of the European Union.
This is an important obligation in relation to the WTO: any decisions taken on the acceptability or otherwise of imports will be based on clear procedures and a sound scientific risk assessment.
The greatest and most recent threat, however, comes from terrorism, as Mr Frattini pointed out earlier.
Inner Mongolia
Firstly, the amended text takes a positive attitude to the fact that it is necessary to spend more money on information and prevention programs to combat alcoholism.
No farmer who is inspected several times a year can understand the current practice with regard to checks on large animal feed producers.
We must do everything in our power to ensure that economic life in these countries can return to normal and that the people find work.
The immigration situation in Europe is certainly not pleasant, appealing or suitable.
(DE) Mr President-in-Office of the Council, what initiatives are planned by the Council Presidency in the area of economic policy, above all, in the sphere of energy policy as well?
For such farmers, the consequences of this crisis are dramatic.
As you will see in France, they only trip you up.
My second observation is that, if we have 99 national cultural agencies, things will get out of hand in no time, and this is where better management would be desirable.
The whole of this meeting was public, as was an informal industrial meeting.
Mr President, I too support the Florenz report.
There is such a thing as public service, and the Commission acknowledged that only recently in a proposal, but not everything done now and in the past in the area of public service has to coincide with the requirements of universal service.
   .
Things, however, are already going wrong, and this is something I find lacking in the speech, for governments cannot, of course, make all kinds of unconditional proposals, only then to retract them, with it then being said that there is not really a problem anyway.
The Commission did not wait for the establishment of the peace support facility to prepare an emergency programme to support African Union peace-keeping in Burundi and to make available EUR 25 million for the African Mission in Burundi, keeping the peace on the ground.
It ignores the principle of subsidiarity.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my opinion, an industrial policy that focuses exclusively on companies operating internationally and using advanced technologies is not the best route to success.
(PL) I abstained from voting on the composition of the European Commission, because alongside the good candidates, there were many weak and very weak ones.
We are not writing in all the case law but everything is covered so far as all the case law is concerned in the recitals.
His report has endeavoured to address the real core issues that are of concern.
Remaining silent and looking away when civilians are being hurt and abused on a daily basis damages our credibility in the eyes of the world whenever and wherever we defend human rights.
We also look to the European Council to consider ways of raising awareness amongst European citizens about the work of the European Union and the relevance of the EU to our daily lives.
The Centre also maintained that Islamophobia is a new form of discrimination and that, following the clashes over the Danish cartoons, there should be anti-blasphemy laws.
There are various areas of this type in the European Union.
The first part of Amendment No 12, paragraph 5a, has therefore been withdrawn.
Finally, like many others, I was delighted to hear that the BBC correspondent Alan Johnston had been released after more than three months in captivity.
The means available to the Commission to control the situation include banning overfishing with drift nets, in collaboration with the various national governments.
Parliamentary investigations are necessary, particularly in countries like my own, Ireland, where it has been established that 50 CIA flights have landed at Irish airports and that the aircraft used to transfer Abu Omar illegally from Italy to Egypt, via Germany, also landed at an Irish airport.
This is also shown by the fact that, based on last week's authorisation granted by the Member States, we are ready to start informal trialogues on the Asylum Qualification Directive as soon as possible in order to achieve the target date of 2012.
Certainly, my great friend and former colleague, Vasco Rocha Vieira, has more claim to the title than I do.
We need to prevent people taking up smoking and continuing to smoke. The same applies to alcohol and all other drugs.
As the Union has stated through its Presidency, most recently in July last year, in principle we are in favour of one China, but we also want the tension which breaks out from time to time between Taiwan and the People' s Republic of China to be resolved peaceably within a constructive dialogue.
We welcomed that at the time, a few months ago, and we have looked forward eagerly to the proposals from the Commission that we were promised.
There are a couple of positive things that I want to draw your attention to, because we also need to make sure that access in its widest sense really is available.
The violence of the words I use is nothing compared to the violence that has been taking place in the Democratic Republic of Congo for too long, violence that has increased and spread over the past few weeks, and all this amid the total indifference of the international community.
I agree with the rapporteur when he deplores the weakness of the Union’s role in the Chechen conflict, which has caused more than 200 000 deaths in ten years and is really genocide.
I also think that we are still on the wrong track with regard to Kyoto.
We should also ask Mr Cook why British taxpayers' money was used to fund this scandalous episode and indeed, why the UK Ministry of Defence specifically intervened to ensure an invitation was extended to the Indonesian military to attend a major arms fair in Britain next week.
Today he complains that the employment pact is not binding.
Once democracy is introduced, it is introduced.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to start by congratulating the rapporteur on his very comprehensive report.
The Heads of State and Government who are supposed to be responsible must be very far removed from reality to imagine for one instant that this could happen.
What we are actually trying to do now is to get some restitution, because we not only lost our ability to look at what is going on with the Commission, but we also lost the accountability process and the transparency process, so I want to ask Mr Mitchell...
   The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A6-0343/2005), on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Industry, on the Council common position for adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on energy end-use efficiency and energy services and repealing Council Directive 93/76/EEC (10721/3/2005 – C6-0298/2005 – 2003/0300(COD)) (Rapporteur: Mrs Rothe).
Resolution on imports of garlic
What was their crime?
The largest economies in the developing countries are also unwilling to integrate their national plans for mitigation with the global agreement and, at the moment, there is no credible financial plan.
Madam President, I am surprised that compromise amendments have been admitted at this stage in the debate.
These are the root causes of the irreparable capitalist crisis.
At the same time, this has created the right environment for the emergence of talented directors and today Lithuania's film directors are receiving international awards, and are well known throughout Europe and the world.
Let us say that enlargement presents no risk to environmental protection, on the contrary that in a few years' time EU standards will apply in the whole of Europe and not just in the western part.
Today, only three States do not recognise the need for information to be published on businesses - from their creation to their closure - and the Commission itself admits that part of the information is lost.
Research and development in the area of renewable energy and the fight against climate change go hand in hand with the Lisbon goals in terms of growth and employment.
However, Article 3b of the Treaty does not actually define subsidiarity.
I naturally welcome this initiative on the part of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety in an area as tricky as spongiform encephalopathies, particularly given that this issue has become public knowledge and as such it has had an enormous impact on the European public in recent years, with people becoming alarmed and making radical changes to their diet.
Our consolidated enlargement agenda focuses on south-east Europe: Bulgaria and Romania, and Turkey and Croatia and the other countries of the western Balkans.
It is therefore crucial to ascertain the truth of this relationship, first of all because important human values that require respect and serenity in the face of the legitimate concerns of the soldiers and their families are under threat.
Question No 18 by Susan Waddington (H-0585/96)
We demand therefore that the money for the wine sector reform be put into the national envelopes so that the Member States can allocate it according to their own needs.
Because I want to pay tribute to the support this House has given to my initiative, and because I want to hear your views and talk to you before I meet the Heads of State and Government.
I call upon you as a matter of urgency to put an end at long last to the sanctions against Austria - and we do not need a report from the Court of Human Rights to do this either, as the media is in any case monitoring the situation on a daily basis - and to concentrate your efforts on the real European issues!
The European Union supports the global concept of collective security recommended by the Secretary-General, recognising that threats to peace and security are not only represented by war, international conflicts, riots, organised crime, terrorism and weapons of mass destruction, but also by poverty, under-development, deadly epidemics and environmental damage – in particular the issue of global warming.
In some countries, poverty is on the increase again.
To close, I wish London the same good luck for 2012 as Athens had with the 2004 Olympic Games, despite any doubts which London had at the time.
I strongly believe that efforts to isolate President Arafat will only exasperate tensions within the Palestinian leadership.
I can also confirm that no European financial resources have yet been given to the project.
The aim of Directive 2000/78/EC, as already mentioned, is in fact to prevent discrimination in the area of employment, especially age discrimination.
The conscientious objection services in Member States must complement these European services.
The European Union must make it clearly understood that those who fail to observe democratic principles and fail to abide by the law cannot be partners of the European Union.
It underlines the fact that we are primarily addressing local and regional authorities.
Mr President, Commissioner, when we debated the seed directive here in Parliament in the mid-1990s, I acted as rapporteur for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
We need to adopt policies that save money, principally when times are good, so that we might have means of defending ourselves when times are harder.
Because one of my frustrations at the moment with the budget is how we deal with negative priorities.
This means that tests are carried out before storage, and above all each Member State can make its own decision.
   The Council is very concerned about the situation in Chechnya, in particular as regards human rights, and it regularly stresses the need for a genuine reconciliation in its meetings with the Russian authorities.
(Applause)
And the negotiations will of course therefore be difficult.
To circumvent the national level would be completely reprehensible. It could not lead to anything other than a weakening of European democracy, and that is something which none of us could wish to see.
We need protection against unfair competition.
Only new technology can enable us to maintain our way of life.
However, the monetary side of the union is today a great deal more structured than the economic side.
I share the Commission's view that we do not need protectionism.
I would further mention that the situation in Kosovo is being formally monitored by the working group on minorities in former Yugoslavia, chaired by Mr Lutz within the peace mission which is currently managed by the High Representative of the European Union, Carl Bildt. I would mention that it was formally established that the condition of a progressive improvement in relations between the European Union and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is full respect for human rights, minority rights and the right to return of all refugees and displaced persons, as well as granting a large degree of autonomy to Kosovo within the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Within this context, the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly provides us with an extremely important forum for political debate.
They start small businesses, they grow things, they sell things, they are genuine operators, and dare I say it, industrialists.
If your question had to do with the position of the German Government, then I hope that the answer I have given is sufficient for you.
One is the reorganisation of the milk support and the other is the school milk programme which is an excellent initiative by the Commission.
But I did not want to talk about that today, Mr President, I wanted to speak, as co-ordinator of the Committee on Employment, about the hearing with Mrs Diamantopoulou.
We are a few days away from the opening of the Vancouver Olympic Games, and I have the honour of being the joint chair of an Olympic Games organising committee.
Greece's additional annual debt equates to less than one week of the United States' additional debt.
But I have not completely understood from the Commission what specific action and sanctions they now wish to impose on the dealers in these illegal substances.
In any case, I believe that the key thing is for this issue to eventually lose its relevance, by establishing gender equality in agricultural activity.
It is based on the assumption that the responsibility for reducing emissions lies not only with car manufacturers and fuel suppliers, but also with vehicle users.
I shall repeat this proposal in my report and I think I can say that the Turkish Government is not hostile to this, but quite the opposite, it would seem.
To be more specific, the 'primacy' of the principle of 'freedom of establishment', as laid down in Articles 43 and 46 of the Treaty, which prohibits any 'restrictions on the freedom of establishment'.
These matters are outside the scope of this report and the competence of the Committee on External Economic Relations.
At this critical time, we have to provide small and medium-sized enterprises with access to financial resources so that they can carry out their innovative activities in order to increase their technological sophistication and with it their competitiveness.
Eighty-nine percent of the citizens want urgent action to tackle the problem, and 74% expect the EU to play an important role in eradicating poverty.
Training becomes a necessity that lasts all one's life.
Tomorrow, this House will be considering a proposal that it effectively rejected in November 2003.
Will this mean, however, that no aid must now be granted to the new countries of the East?
Subject: Internet broadcasting of Council deliberations
Finally, I would put a big question mark over the fact that it appears that some sort of office of the European Commission will manage the system.
Will it accept the Commission decision?
As regards the lengths of the leave and the payment to be received by women during this period, I would like to say the following.
The WTO is conducting secret diplomacy, and the European Commission seems bent on outdoing it for secrecy.
Society is itself a vast repository of knowledge that we will be wasting if we do not involve the citizens in the process of leadership and governance of the European Union.
Mr President, I should like to congratulate Mrs Dybkjær and commiserate with her because her group did not give her an actual draft directive to get her teeth into.
I am glad a holistic approach to water is being taken here and that authorities in the individual national states and beyond the borders of the national states are at last obliged to work together and ensure that water is of a high quality.
In our case the Irish, carrying on from Italy, gave us an extremely solid basis in the form of the Dublin II draft treaty on which we were able to build.
'Everything but Arms' is a major step forward.
We must not, however, forget that - by means, for example, of Paragraphs 25 and 26 of the proposal for a directive, which offer scope for a more or less broad interpretation - it also provides legal opportunities to reject workers' demands in certain cases.
I do not know what else to say, other than you have my full commitment to it and within the review, you will be able to see if I have done it.
However, I am afraid that it may also be unfair in that it is based exclusively on the situation in mainland Europe and does not give sufficient consideration to the diversity of regional situations, particularly as regards production in the outermost regions.
Unfortunately, it is not as simple as it is sometimes made to appear in political debates.
That is completely wrong.
(NL) Thank you, Mr President.
However, in exchange, the system itself is quite ambitious and, even though for the moment only politically binding, creates a strong incentive for parties to comply.
It is clear that one of the most obvious conclusions must be the withdrawal of Syrian forces from Lebanon, which must be immediate and must also include the secret services.
In my opinion, it is high time that a comprehensive and methodical study of this kind be drawn up in order to gain a bird’s eye view of Europe.
At the same time, however, although EU-Andorra relations have developed, they are fragmented, as significant parts of the acquis applying to the internal market have not been incorporated into Andorran law, and thus cannot be applied.
That is why I would like to ask whether the same agency that grants the authority aid funding should also be the control agency.
Finally, Mr President, an Agency, yet to be set up, that supports the Commission forms a constructive contribution towards the EU' s tasks of ensuring safety at sea.
In return, Korea will get badly needed food from Europe as well as medicines and luxury goods.
I have less appreciation for the Council and Commission representatives.
Finally, do you believe, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, that this decision is prejudicial?
Our group supports the view that savings from the budgeted enlargement expenditure for 2002 and 2003 can be used to finance enlargement in later years.
Mrs Napoletano, in her interesting address, pointed out the economic and social progress that has been made in Tunisia.
Thirdly, further to the comment by the Director-General for Competition, is the Commission prepared, based on the new information, to draw up a new proposal?
There is specific Community legislation covering controls in the agricultural guarantee section.
The Maastricht Treaty includes a separate title on public health, and the Court of Justice, with the Decker and Kohll judgments, has ruled on the Community dimension of certain social security services.
We want to strengthen you as a Community institution, because the Council appears at present to be unable to muster up the strength to act as a Community institution and representative of the common interest.
Ladies and gentlemen, I expect you have all realized that I am a lucky Vice-President.
I think the people in Belgrade are entitled to expect a European Union presence, and I would repeat that we need to have a more visible profile there.
In view of the seriousness of the situation I support the proposal made by Mrs Roth-Behrendt and Mr Lange to do this by means of an assent procedure.
Today, there are officially 22 million unemployed people in Europe, as a result of unrestrained free trade with the rest of the world and the forced march towards a monetary utopia.
A year has passed since the earthquake in Haiti, and the time has probably come to increase effectiveness.
The European Parliament and the Council alike are in favour of liberalizing the postal sectors but we reject the terms of the Commission's communication.
Secondly, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission has no doubt about the need for a multinational force, without which no aid can be provided.
My own country, Scotland, is rich in renewable energy sources such as wind and tidal power.
We must accept that States have the right to control their frontiers for the objectives stated in Article 36 of the Treaty, in particular the protection of human life and health.
If network operators were required to monitor all of the 'packages' sent by service suppliers, numbers would have to be reduced, leaving them concentrated in just a few hands.
The new challenges necessitate rules that enable sustainability and also sustainable competitiveness.
Give your chairman hell now so that he gets it amended!
I call upon the Commission to investigate this matter again.
It obviously has to do with poverty, with lack of information and education, with patterns of sexual behaviour and, specifically, with young girls' lack of education of a kind which would better enable them to resist sexual advances. It also has to do, of course, with the shortage of money within the health care sector.
If we did not have the EU that we know today, we should have had to prepare something as a response to the global challenge.
There is still a tendency when people look at what we are doing to compare apples with oranges.
I am convinced that the answers to future policy on drugs will be found in all those towns and villages, not only in the Netherlands but in Europe as a whole, where people are looking for careful and controlled solutions to the problems which we all acknowledge.
It means an extraordinary change from the point of view of energy.
(The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8))
The Commission issued a timely communication aimed at establishing a stronger partnership for the outermost regions entitled ‘a stronger partnership’, which deserves a favourable response.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Commissioner Lamy speaks about the fact that 2003 will be the year in which the WTO must deliver.
As for the argument that this initiative would increase uncertainty, very short-term capital movements are specifically intended to play on uncertainty and to bet on changes between currencies or various short-term financial assets.
I would ask the Commission to pay more attention in its competition policy to networks rather than to specific lines.
I would like to start by thanking the Commissioner and the High Representative for their presence here in this Chamber and for their reports.
It must be complemented with a forthright fight against racism and intolerance so that we may come to recognise, in practice, the evolution of a Union which has become a magnet for the rest of the world and an immigration zone, given its prosperity and seasonal demographics.
I therefore share the concerns that prompted the question by my fellow Member Mr Queiró, particularly because I come from a country, Portugal, and more specifically from an outermost region, Madeira, where tourism is one of the most significant factors for its economic and social development.
In this context, in light of the progress that has been made, the widespread commitment, the difficulties encountered, the need for amendments and the warnings of the shortcomings that still exist, the debate on this and the other reports in the plenary session should be addressed from a similar perspective.
It is this diversity which gives our continent its extremely rich cultural heritage.
We cannot accept those amendments which ask for more controls and imply an excessive increase in administrative burdens.
I am optimistic that further substantial progress can be made in the two remaining meetings during the British Presidency.
(RO) Madam President, I am delighted that a consensus was reached on this report by the political groups within the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is jobs and businesses that create growth.
Where the obligations are not upheld, sanctions should be possible.
The EU has partnerships with most countries in the world.
The Council's common position says that the information should be collected before departure, but not necessarily communicated to the registrar until 30 minutes after the ferry has sailed.
Christian writers and academics are having to go into hiding.
Unfortunately, Mr Monti has not yet arrived.
Such prognoses were, however, dismissed at that time as mere prophesies of doom.
It is crucial that Europe has an energy research plan to support its ambitious energy policy and climate change goals.
We have to strengthen them by strengthening our mobility programmes, because through mobility, young children, students, workers and volunteers get the transversal skills that they cannot get through formal education.
It is for that reason that we want to negotiate another new instrument on emissions law.
The Swedish and Finnish governments both have experience from the 1990s of serious crises, and they should both whole-heartedly support Commissioner Rehn's proposals.
There are well-founded fears that the Ben Ali clan and his enterprises are also profiting from EU money.
Commissioner, do you share the view that human rights standards, social standards and environmental standards need to be removed from the special arrangements and incorporated in the list of GSP criteria?
Meanwhile, in paragraph 12 Parliament agrees with the 'step-by-step' policy in future negotiations with Belarus and says that we may agree to a partial suspension of sanctions for a maximum of six months on condition that there are some very substantial changes, which would improve the situation above all for media freedom in Belarus.
This weekend, the EU and the UK extended support to our friends across the Irish Sea.
   – Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission, if I may make a personal comment, I should like to offer the Irish Presidency my very best wishes.
What is needed is a European support mechanism, a European Monetary Fund equipped with the necessary resources and facility for intervention.
Today, we would call this ethnic cleansing, something that should, in fact, be openly rejected by all of the Member States.
I know that 2018 will eventually come around.
We share this view; we also share the concern of the rapporteur, Mr Danesin, that, on the one hand, private operators should be assured of profitability - obviously, if there is no profit there will be no private investment - but that, on the other, the infrastructure created shouldt be socially beneficial.
In prevention and in the protection of critical infrastructures, I would say to you that it is extremely important for there to be a Commission proposal approved by Parliament for a programme to protect critical infrastructures.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market's proposal ensures that Member States take that responsibility.
Nevertheless, from the point of view of our Group, the words of the Commission or Commission President on this subject have been rather inadequate, for, as Mr Alexander explained, these markets – if one can even call them that – are very lacking in transparency.
Greece will submit to the Commission in the course of January an updated stability programme, as foreseen in the Stability and Growth Pact.
Madam Ashton, first of all, allow me to welcome you and say that I very much hope that your excellent and powerful presentation today will indeed herald the end of a particularly difficult period for all of us, which began in November when the Commission' previous term of office ended.
The fact that America, Canada, Russia and many Central Asian countries are also full members gives the organisation great credibility and breadth - 'from Vancouver to Vladivostok', as the OSCE itself boasts.
From the United Kingdom's point of view, it means that there will now be access to international data that will help in the fight against international cross-border crime, which we all take very seriously.
Which proves that China does need this strategy.
Parliament does not, indeed, believe this to be an unimportant area; it is far more a question of how decisions are reached, of whether it is actually right that the Council should have sole discretion as to how the funds are applied.
The Commission will be presenting detailed proposals for the modernisation of disciplinary procedures and related arrangements in a consultative document which is scheduled for publication in October.
Since its economy and industry remain largely unreformed and unstructured, we expect the negative tendency to continue with negative social consequences as a result.
Proof of Georgia's democratic progress is also provided by the presidential elections of 5 January which, by and large, were held in accordance with international standards.
Indeed, thanks to the contribution made by the European Parliament, and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Lechner, the final text encourages the opening of borders in an important area of daily life, while preserving the existing rights of consumers, notably French consumers.
Monitoring of speed restrictions is a priority here.
The resolution invites the Commission to present the Green Paper containing a number of measures in the area of contemporary cultural activities, aimed at consolidating development in Europe's regions.
We have also voted for the figure of 125 grams as the basic emission target.
How are we going to explain to the citizens of Europe that Parliament’s rapporteur, the person with the highest profile in relation to this dossier, is married to Mr Fourtou, who is none other than the chairman of Vivendi Universal?
Any one of them would have been a great Capital of Culture.
We were not equal to the task.
We have concerns in Ireland about road safety issues.
The Berlin European Council was obsessed with budgetary cuts, and not only gave rise to a reduction in the funds for structural policies compared to levels reached in 1999, but also forgot that there were other Community policies.
And if we want to solve them, we shall have to find ways whereby the future financial perspective can be announced at the same time.
The agricultural and structural budgets are left untouched.
The inaugural pledging conference for the Support Fund of the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership (NDEP) was concluded with a positive result on 9 July of this year in Brussels.
Mr President, I would like to ask the Commissioner if he could also reply to my question.
At present, rural areas account for 80% of the European Union, and this percentage will increase following enlargement. The negative effects of the common agricultural policy, which has not fulfilled initial expectations, will therefore be even greater.
It is also clear that the Community per se does not have Community competence in criminal issues.
Let us deal with the strategic concept first, then let us look at what we want to do with these European means.
Now we must decide.
Financial control also authorised the renewal, for the third year, of the projects selected in 1995.
We need to be very vigilant on the employment of women, and we need to enable young people to enter the employment market with hope.
(DE) I am most grateful that in its resolution on safe and sustainable pensions, the European Parliament has included a number of ideas and demands relating to women in particular for which I have worked actively for many years here and in Luxembourg.
The Commission can therefore only accept this amendment if it is clear where the extra money is going to come from.
Members of this Parliament are probably aware that Europol carries out major investigations every week to smash paedophile rings operating inside the European Union.
The Commission insists on the urgency of this document.
For this reason consumer protection matters at least as much.
Councillor and trade union delegate, Member of Parliament for eighteen years, five as Chairman of the Committee on European Affairs and twelve as Minister or Secretary of State, and then candidate for Prime Minister.
All Members have said the same thing: all that is happening, the way we are dealing with things and negotiating at present, is that we get more and more intergovernmental agreements and intercontinental agreements and less communitization, meaning less European debate that can be monitored both by the European Parliament and by the European Court of Justice.
However, I do not think the suggestion to postpone the resolution is a sensible one, because, as the European Parliament, it is important for us to respect and support the principle of compliance with human rights, as well as the principle of a people's right to self-determination - in this case for the Sahrawi.
Re-education by forced labour and imprisonment without charge are now being used to punish offences like the unauthorised posting of bills, driving an unlicensed taxi and begging, to name just a few.
Once again, as in September 1998, it is a campaign to gain the freedom to exercise elementary social rights, paid leave, social security, retirement at 55 and a guaranteed minimum income.
To postpone them once again would be a setback.
A common objective in all these reports is the efficient use of energy or energy-saving measures, yet the Council has reduced the budget for this to ECU 45 million spread over a five-year period, which just goes to show what kind of priority energy and the environment are given in Europe.
A particularly striking statistic is that the German Society for the Protection of Children believes there are as many as 50, 000 so-called street children.
For a sustained strategy for the Eurovignette, however, the success achieved so far is not sufficient.
There is a fear that there may not be such a majority, today.
The Council is ready to consider having a role in the Register and looks forward to discuss the possible modalities with the two other institutions.'
I completely agree.
It is of the greatest importance that all nations concerned take part in the disarmament which is now finally able to take place.
The Union should establish a system which will help bolster cooperation between the Member States and the institutions, and enhance solidarity in issues connected with energy.
I expect us to communicate more quickly with the European Commission and the European Council on procedural and personal matters, and also on substantive matters.
   . More and more facts are coming to light about the US security services and agencies, such as the CIA, illegally kidnapping people, flying them to Europe, detaining them and then subjecting them to isolation and torture.
In 1998, when the Council and Parliament first debated the directive on the working time of mobile workers, the situation in the road transport sector was totally different from what it is today, as the rapporteur, Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, said: at the time it was common practice to dodge the rules in force on driving time, meaning that professional drivers spent far too long at the wheel.
Above all, however, we need to take preventive action and in order to do that we need genuine policies relating to soil, land and forest.
Europe must make a great effort to use this means of exchange only to guarantee the welfare of the people and not be overwhelmed by it.
We need role models from music and fashion and film to get the message across to young people: not just by saying "no", that does not work, but by telling them the truth.
Success is not immanent, but Liberals and Democrats have high hopes of a European Union double act under the two Josés.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, as we all know, traceability is a key element of ensuring high standards in animal health and food safety.
I know there were concerns a few years ago and, because this is a new debate, concerns are still being expressed.
It is true that the rapporteur’s comments may sometimes appear very favourable, or even too much so given the situation in Bulgaria. On the whole, however, the conclusion of this report seems to me to be the right one.
As you will have seen, those who sometimes regard themselves as such are subsequently outvoted here in plenary.
It goes without saying that in their actions, our institutions and Member States will respect multilingualism and cultural diversity.
However, the situation in Abyei must not make us forget the situation in Darfur.
These seek to promote precisely those ingredients: environment, sustainability, security and long-term action.
We would have liked this report by June 2002 but we have accepted December in order to allow more time.
It expressly envisages that an international court may be established for that purpose, preferably in the territory in which the crimes were committed and if not, elsewhere.
This is especially important for those people who manufacture trains and train equipment.
I do not wish to see Strasbourg cease working normally from Monday to Friday.
One more thing: I cannot understand how it is that in 2014, China is going to host another Olympic Games event - this time it will be the Youth Olympic Games - while we are unable to force China to make advances in the field of human rights.
This intermediate phase is creating a great deal of confusion as it is.
As regards the trafficking in human beings, a clear distinction must be made between two areas: sexual abuse, and the exploitation of labour.
She has great political skills and has accomplished a great deal since being a Commissioner.
I thank you for lending your support to that approach.
It was very useful for me as President of the Council to hear your observations and we will certainly take them on board in our further discussions on this topic right up until Christmas.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, we witnessed in Tunisia the rising of the people against an oppressive and abusive regime which has denied them basic human rights for years.
In the context of a single monetary policy under an independent central bank, economic policies in the Member States will have to be more closely coordinated than ever before.
It is all too often bemoaned that the EU has failed to foster a culture of innovation and enterprise: the European Investment Fund (EIF) is a vital way in which this imbalance can and should be redressed.
That is the hope we have for the future.
Therefore, in order to commemorate the armistice that brought an end to the First World War, we are going to observe a minute's silence in memory of the millions of Europeans who lost their lives in that struggle.
Issues concerning legal entry and entry routes have to be tackled.
As regards the issue of women, Mrs Isler Béguin, we are naturally also involved as it appears in the Barcelona acquis.
It is important to distinguish clearly between criminal or illegal activities and work that is legal but is not declared to the authorities, i.e. that does not comply with the various regulatory constraints, notably the payment of social security contributions and taxes.
Naturally, the European Commission does not and must not have legal powers except when it comes to negotiating between the peoples.
Firstly, as has already been mentioned, the amount earmarked for health issues within the framework of official development aid, which currently stands at around 5%.
Let us stop being hypocritical and, finally, let us thank Mr Prodi for having opened the debate.
Had this policy been enforced this year, it would have resulted in total crop failures.
I am of the opinion that the simplified Treaty revision procedure should be used to create an atmosphere favourable to an in-depth discussion of the proposed stability mechanism and of other possible mechanisms, such as the social progress clause.
In earlier times, however, cases were largely unknown and civil society was not as active.
We must develop a different relationship with the gifts that nature has given us, and that certainly does not mean that we have to carry off the last remaining animal pelts.
The trade concession to be offered to Pakistan needs to represent a credible effort by the EU and bring about meaningful economic benefits to Pakistan, whilst taking into account sensitivities of our own industries as well as other WTO members - in particular, those of least-developed countries.
And we will continue close cooperation with this House and with the Council in order to help bridge the remaining gaps.
When I hear this type of question I always wonder: 'Are we going to be asked to do everything for them?'.
This French Member of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament welcomes the future introduction of the European Qualifications Framework, which will facilitate transnational mobility for workers and learners, while at the same time meeting the requirements of the labour market by way of a common reference point for the transposition of qualification levels.
Despite the political crisis, the Commission is committed to support for Nepal's sustainable development.
It has to be said that the Commission' s proposal, as it has been put forward, only partly responds to this challenge and to the legitimate aspirations of these territories found in all four corners of the globe.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in its communication the Commission identifies culture as being a sector with strong employment potential and analyses the link existing between culture and regional development.
This is why instead of the expected split between right and left, we have seen the various approaches that northern and southern Europe are bound to bring to the problem due to the differences in their climates.
The green rate for these payments has been frozen at a favourable level since 1995 and therefore has not been subject to currency fluctuations.
I wish to thank you, ladies and gentlemen, and, once again, I undertake to do only one thing: to draw the necessary conclusions from your votes, once they have been cast.
However, when it came to defining potential sources of these many forms of discrimination, it was not possible to include concepts that the European Union considers to be important, such as discrimination based on sexual orientation.
I voted for this report because poverty and hunger persist in the European Union.
She managed to get an excellent report adopted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy.
In conclusion, I can tell you, Commissioner, that the European Parliament’s Committee on International Trade is going to follow the whole of this process very closely, because we believe that the step taken by the Commission is a first step and that it must be accompanied by an attitude in favour of China and other countries, such as Vietnam, having greater opportunities within international trade while jointly respecting the rules we have laid down.
With regard to the Hautala report, the principal issue was the compulsory reduction in sulphur content.
Agricultural produce is a large element of ACP exports.
In particular, I am thinking of the following: firstly, to continue our employment strategy at European level; secondly, enlargement, which was set in motion at the weekend and is going to require us to make an exceptional effort, both political and technical, to develop and prepare the negotiations, the reform of the funds and the common agricultural policy, and the introduction of the euro; and lastly, actions for the benefit of the people of Europe - especially the conclusions of Amsterdam and the Kyoto Conference.
The proposals for the full recording of searches are to be welcomed, but it seems appropriate to specify in the Article what information must be recorded.
He has demonstrated intimate knowledge of the work of the EU and the administration of its funds.
As far as our cooperation with the United States is concerned, I have, on behalf of the Council, said that this must be stepped up and will need to go beyond the usual forms of cooperation.
We need to defend Europe's interests and project Europe's values in a more coherent and effective way, and we should be ambitious in how we do it.
We have discovered that some of the rules in the directive, which was implemented on 1 January 1998, are far from satisfactory.
That is all those agencies like the European Food Safety Authority or the European Maritime Safety Agency, where they have said they will do something but they do not yet know where or when or how.
True, the ENP is not to be seen as a direct route to EU membership.
They are not the only ones.
It is partly the consequence of new wealth in countries such as China, where the demand for, for example, chocolate is going up 15% a year, and that is unsustainable in terms of the supply.
This is the situation in thirteen of the fifteen Member States, and has recently also been incorporated into German law.
- Madam President, I do not hold with the notion that our economic salvation lies in tiny value added tax cuts, which are something we have had in the United Kingdom with, frankly, only a marginal positive impact.
So they should look at their own figures before they criticize the expenditure for Europe, because it should not be forgotten that the growth rate of 1.4 % simultaneously includes growth in heading 2 on the scale of 6.7 % for the structural funds.
I would like to see the contract which states that what we have been paying is the right amount of money.
On a recent visit to Poland I found there were lots of problems with education, especially in the rural areas where very often young children were not going on to secondary school because they stayed at home to work on the farms.
on behalf of the UEN Group. - (PL) Mr President, the motion for a European Parliament resolution on Parliament's estimates of revenue and expenditure for the financial year 2009 tabled by Mr Lewandowski, together with the preliminary draft budget, reconciles the achievement of Parliament's tasks in that year - the tasks imposed by the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, the European Parliament elections, the new Members' Statute, buildings policy, the improvement of services for MEPs, energy saving, and so on - with further budget savings.
These deaths and injuries take place in more than 80 countries around the world, from Angola to Zimbabwe and even closer to home in the Balkans.
If we promote these crops, they will enrich ecological diversity, while at the same time this would have the advantage of our not concentrating solely on cereals, cereals which we cannot sell as it is.
Quality and safety standards for human blood and blood components
That is very important for the Netherlands, as it will mean that construction projects are not brought to a standstill.
Democratic elections were held in 1993, which gave some hope for the resolution of this bloody conflict.
Electromagnetic fields (EMF) are a matter of direct concern to EU citizens.
Nevertheless, the report gives a detailed account of how we Europeans are defending the rights of people worldwide.
We seem to have fallen down a black hole and be back in 1970. I find it quite intolerable.
Slovakia is sufficiently prepared even for an expansion of the influenza infection into a larger epidemic, perhaps because of the earlier avian influenza.
We welcome what is being done.
It safeguards against compensation for early repayment, promotes the harmonisation of legislative provisions and the opening up of national markets in the consumer credit sector, and is deliberately complex and unintelligible for borrowers.
That will not be easy or painless.
Quite apart from ethical and economic considerations, there is a salient point that makes the fight against corruption on a world scale a key factor in international relations.
Widely varying conditions are of course found throughout the islands of the European Union and yet however, above and beyond that diversity, how can we avoid noticing a great similarity within development problems, such as the narrowness of the economic market, environmental conservation and transport costs, even within the social conditions of the peoples linked to the concept of being cut off and limited in space.
I am even going to add something very important to prove that I am in full agreement with you.
We have always supported having an international agreement at EU level instead of 27 bilateral agreements, because the Union can put forward a stronger position not only on preventing and fighting terrorism, but also on protecting fundamental rights.
We should maintain the agenda as far as possible.
Now these weapons have been used, and we now have this problem, to which the Council responded by saying that no one could have known that events would unfold in this way.
It is always very difficult to know whether pacifism or its alternative is the right course of action.
In these cases, I consider prior consent to be an instrument for preventing excessive health tourism.
These are only a few of the deficiencies which have gone unremedied over these past years.
I believe that the necessary conditions for the existence of a single electric vehicle market must be created, while at the same time guaranteeing efficient coordination of policies at EU level, in order to avoid negative impacts, particularly on employment.
Moreover, the trade advantages given to Pakistan will be paid for by the European industries most affected, namely the textile industry of southern Europe, and also by the poor countries that export the same products to Europe, which will suffer from the diversion of European imports to Pakistan, for example Bangladesh or the countries of North Africa.
Can the Commission rule this out with absolute certainty?
It is cynical propaganda.
The former President of the Bundestag's Europe Committee, Jürgen Meier, also stated in the Constitutional Convention that a voluntary referendum could be agreed in the Bundestag, with an ordinary majority sought.
author. - Mr President, Commissioner, two years ago, following the removal of the quotas, the textile sector experienced a veritable big bang.
   Mr President, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur.
(RO) I would first of all like to congratulate the rapporteur and thank him for the approachability he has shown.
We need to pay particular attention to that so that they have a positive view of agriculture, and not a negative one.
Therefore we should not claim, either, that we are going to replace something that has yielded results, because that is not the case.
We can talk this through on the understanding that Parliament is prepared to accept that we do not encroach on the life of the current regulations, which lapse at the end of 1999, so that we do not run the risk of creating any kind of legal vacuum.
I would like to see more emphasis put on the regional approach to which some previous speakers have repeatedly referred.
However, there is one problem with the report, in my opinion, which is to do with how water charges should be regulated.
Resolving these challenges in fairness to everybody needs more, not less, globalisation.
They will be told that once upon a time, Europe was divided; there was a big wall down the middle of it and the people in the East were very poor and they had no democracy, and they lived under an evil system called Communism that killed millions of its own people.
When stocks decline, it is because there is a drop in supply and an increase in demand.
I live in the hope that we will succeed, and that European identity will never again be reduced to a cheap, trumped-up and harmful confrontation with the United States in the face of such serious threats to our security and to our values.
I will conclude by thanking Commissioner Gradin for this initiative and also for wanting to listen to Parliament.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, Europe should also perhaps play more of a part in the prevention and resolution of conflict in Asia.
Mr President, recent history and the Erika shipwreck, in particular, have shown that our coasts are under constant threat from shipping disasters.
Together with the Liberal Group and the Socialist Group, I have tabled three amendments to enhance the report' s practical implementability.
With the transfer of new directives and two decisions into two regulations, the text has been simplified and updated in accordance with new technological and scientific developments.
(Parliament approved the common position (as amended))
Today it has more than 50 companies involved in research, development and innovation in electric mobility for the whole of Europe.
The successful Scottish project of trying to get more fruit and vegetables available through schools has seen record numbers of children eating more healthily.
We are prepared to commit ourselves to this line, each Member State according to its means.
We all take the need to guard against terrorist threats very seriously, but our response has to be proportionate and justified.
However, we do not agree with the chosen method.
I feel I must thank you, on behalf of the House, for your exhaustive response to the debate.
There can be no question of my coming out with a Commission position as such today.
One essential amendment is the definition of bathing water.
I think that demonstrates a lack of responsibility and is contrary to the spirit of what we are trying to achieve here.
The European Union, therefore, has an obligation to promote these attempts at approximation with the aim of ensuring the interoperability of means both at intra-European and transatlantic levels, in order to avoid pointless and wasteful duplication and overlapping.
I have seen a report by Agence France Presse that quotes a source close to the Presidency of Parliament. It states that the new Hemicycle could be provisionally opened by Parliament between the middle and end of November 1998, and officially opened in December.
The European Union, therefore, needs to change its policies and resolve these contradictions.
This is a notion that should be taken seriously, because the Ombudsman seems to be the sole European institution that is really founded on the principles of the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
I want to mention two serious kinds of illegal activities that unfortunately often go hand in hand with tourism in those areas.
We do not wish to quarrel with the list as decided up to 2004, despite the fact that here too the procedures were rather problematic.
Mr Bowe has done a magnificent job and brought a very complicated procedure to a close.
They are caught between Russia, which is the former dominant power and which still has a considerable interest in the area, Turkey, whose ambition is still to be the leader of a great, Turkish-speaking Central Asia, and Pakistan, which supports a plan for a great, fundamentalist Afghanistan, on the basis of the particularly dangerous tool of militant Islamism, just as Iran does.
Your first task is to create the background for the transparency required by the Amsterdam Treaty.
Certainly this is a matter that we should also consider for the next financial perspectives.
I accept that everybody should know what I say; I accept that everybody should know what I do; I accept that everybody should know where I go.
In addition, the Commission asks the Member States concerned to include in their operational plans a reduction of their fishing capacity, either temporary cessation or scrapping, to ensure that their quotas for 2008 and the following years are fully respected.
CONAI, the body which brings together producers and users of packaging, which is responsible for re-use of material other than wet waste, ends up by collecting the price in the South and then paying it to the North, which as usual profits from the situation to drain funds from the South and send them to the North.
In addition, so that public pension systems are sustainable, we must ensure that people have the opportunity to continue working up until retirement age.
There is ,of course, elasticity of demand, in this case a price elasticity of demand.
It is not acceptable to spring surprises on one another.
It must allow scope for the countries concerned to determine for themselves what their problems are, and let them draw up a plan to improve the situation and find a solution themselves.
Although artistic education is currently a compulsory subject in many educational systems, teaching models still vary considerably from one Member State to the next.
Thank you, Mr President. A lot of what was said in the previous debate is of great relevance to this directive too.
That is what we must make clear to the Chinese leaders.
That is all we are aiming for in the negotiations on the 2011 budget, and we are confident that an agreement can be reached if the Council Presidency negotiates effectively with its colleagues in Brussels.
(NL) I am in favour of enlargement but against this resolution because I regret the absence of a critical approach to various areas.
(DE) Thank you very much, Mr Oettinger, for your clear and convincing answer.
I voted against the report on migration flows because, although it contains a relatively accurate and balanced analysis of the basic causes that drive people into leaving their country, the report does not contain the necessary conclusions or proposals.
Without being protectionist, the line defended here may be described as less naïve.
in writing. - (DE) I rejected this report.
Because what happened in Setubal, in Portugal, only merited a pious resolution with no consequences whereas what happened in Belgium aroused strong reactions of solidarity, demonstrations, strikes and even the Commissioner did not hide his Belgian origins. This should not necessarily be denounced but it should be remembered, given that other situations and postures meant that a European Commissioner was obliged to give up the defence of national interests, in the case of the Portuguese.
What has Turkey given in return for this confidence?
As indicated in the motion for a resolution which, like Mrs Morgantini, I ask you to support en masse, I call on the Council not to recognise any regime in Afghanistan until sexual discrimination is eliminated. The Council must be more active and at least as active as it was with regard to Bin Laden.
For me, that is an indication that the legislation is being applied very differently by the Member States.
However, there are still many problems which need to be solved.
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
Mr President, there seems to be a trial of strength going on behind the scenes, during preparations for next week' s Feira European Council, between those who want to extend the Intergovernmental Conference agenda and those who want to cut it.
Mr President, Madam Foreign Minister, Commissioner, first I should like to pass on apologises for absence from Doris Pack, our top expert on crisis regions. She is on her way to Sarajevo and has asked me to stand in for her.
It is essential that an ambitious development aid policy is implemented beforehand.
They are alleged to make insufficient use of the expertise of the Commission services.
And since its members are proposed by the Member States, it is actually to the latter that my remarks are primarily addressed.
I feel that the next step is to develop this dialogue further, and in our report we make proposals to this end.
Ladies and gentlemen, the first term I am going to use when talking about the situation in the Middle East is frustration.
At a time when the WTO is discussing the development round, this is a very poor example for the European Union to give to Africa, even if the ‘everything but arms’ initiative is an attempt to disguise our divisions and our egotism.
During the discussions, which I have recently had with the Dutch presidency, we have also agreed to develop a proposal for joint action on this issue during the spring.
The Maastricht Treaty gave the Commission the right of initiative in the fields of internal affairs, justice and foreign policy, but in the past year the Commission has unfortunately made little use of this right.
Instead, he suggested reconciliation and dialogue as the only way forward in building confidence.
But from the very start, the main issues for us were the adoption of binding targets on waste reduction and recycling and opposition to the reclassification of incineration as energy recovery.
I would also like to draw attention to Amendment No 23.
Our PPE-DE - both group and party - have stood for those ideas since the 70s and 80s.
I do not know what you want to call these measures.
Adjustment to globalisation is a more appropriate political option than opposition to globalisation.
   Mr President, this resolution begins with a long list of the problems that have affected Spain.
This regulation will mean that money transfers will henceforth be subject to greater supervision, and banks will have to ensure that for each transfer of a prescribed amount of funds, all information relating to the payer is available.
It is a real problem.
EU farmers must be protected from unfair competition and therefore, the same standards that apply in the EU's agricultural sector must also apply to products exported from third countries. These conditions must be included in bilateral trade agreements.
The results of that policy can now be seen in our cities: wholesale unemployment, crime, the development of parallel societies.
This is a perfect expression of economic imperialism, which has gone so far that compensation is being rejected.
Work and society must fit the family rather than the other way round.
Also important is our amendment defining the 'almost major accident' concept: that is to say, a major accident avoided owing to an intervention, whether or not planned in advance, or owing to a chance coincidence, the result of which was that the major accident did not occur.
We hope that Turkey will help open a new chapter in the history of our region.
I would like you to know, therefore, that all my comments have been made in a constructive spirit, not only today, but for many years, while fighting for cohesion in this Parliament.
I have also been asked by Mrs Malmström whether we can specify a date for when the first applicant country will gain accession to the Union.
The Member States should pay in proportion to the size of their catches.
On the Irish Box, it makes no sense whatsoever in an important nursery and spawning area to try and increase the number of vessels that are going in there, to open up the Irish Box.
More structural reforms are urgently needed because we need to move from one-off effects to sustainability.
On the legal base, we have made no improvement whatsoever and there is a danger - and the Commissioner has already made the point - that we shall turn the clock back.
One last thought: due to the sensitivity of this issue, the newly created legislation cannot be set in stone.
It befits the Commission to express its gratitude towards the rapporteur.
What is at issue is a fall in production in areas such as Castile-La Mancha, Castile-Leon and Andalusia, which are all Objective 1 regions. Their economic activity revolves around this product as it represents the only means of making a living in these areas.
The Orange Revolution, which heralded a remarkable change in democratic thinking in Ukraine, occurred without any EU carrots being held out to change its system of government.
In addition, aid can also be granted within the framework of the European Regional Fund, the European Social Fund and the European Agricultural Guidance Fund in order to diversify into other activities in the coastal regions affected.
The welfare of our animals deserves regulation that is based on best scientific practice.
We hope, as does the Commission, that it will be operational in a few months' time.
It was with astonishing insight that these two adolescents wrote us a letter in which they reminded us of the enormous difficulties there are today in being a child of the third world.
Madam President, trade relations between EU countries and Ukraine are of very considerable importance because of the demographic potentials of the two partners.
The next item on the agenda is Mr Barton's recommendation for a second reading on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Directive on the masses and dimensions of certain categories of motor vehicles and their trailers and amending Directive 70/156/EEC (C4-0632/96-00/0348(COD)) (A4-0102/97).
This is the Dr Garetta syndrome, named after the official responsible for the contaminated blood case in France.
On the problems of guarantees for the sector, I would like to point out that the EU should consider the need to establish regulations seeking to prevent the mixing of seed oil with olive oil, a practice which is unfortunately permitted in some Community countries, for consumer protection.
Even in normal years - without BSE and foot-and-mouth crises - the error rates are high.
While these directives form the backbone of consumer protection in the EU, they must be consistently applied in the Member States, especially for Internet purchases.
The Commission will also try to persuade the Council to do likewise.
With regard to the basic arguments concerning the association agreement, the Commission has not the slightest hesitation in associating itself with Mr von Habsburg's report and speech, which has exactly pinpointed the fundamental geopolitical aspect of this agreement for Mediterranean stability.
Firstly, I believe that we should be a little mistrustful of high-sounding slogans and goals such as the Lisbon objectives, to which we are constantly referring.
Mr President, when I was a young boy living in Scotland, at nighttime I used to listen to a children's programme called 'Jackanory' ; it told you fairy tales.
Linguistic diversity is part of Europe's cultural legacy and a unique treasure that we all have a responsibility to protect.
Rather than the asylum system, it would then be the immigration system that would guarantee the best ticket into the European Union.
Nor would it be appropriate for foreign law to be applied in assessing the permissibility of industrial action taken under Swedish law on Swedish territory.
We are against every form of discrimination, whether it relates to payment for equal work or work of equal value, is based on sex, or discriminates against temporary workers compared with permanent staff.
Three years have passed since that statement and what has happened?
You can see from this that the Commission is taking this issue very seriously, it is constantly on the Commission's agenda and I look forward to bringing further proposals back to Parliament in due course on these issues.
Boumediene-Thiery report (A5-0207/2000)
I do not have much more to say now.
We no longer say that trade liberalisation and combating climate change will destroy 100% of our industries in Europe, where, in a way, we do not care, because the climate issue must take precedence.
The European Parliament conducted an intensive debate on racism and xenophobia, and then did something that sets it apart from a good many governments: instead of confining itself to formal declarations, it actually expressed unwelcome criticism, directed not just at the Debré draft law but also at the plans announced by the German Interior Minister, Mr Kanther, to introduce visas for children.
I am seriously concerned about the proposed terms of the protocol with Equatorial Guinea, which, as you know, is mainly about tuna, but those terms increase fishing possibilities by almost 50 %, the permissible number of licences is raised from 53 to 68, even though it has become very clear that the supervision and control measures are pretty toothless, the amount of finance allocated to scientific programmes is being substantially reduced and also that the territorial waters beyond the fourmile line are allowed to be used as a fishing zone.
We now have to talk not only about the constitution, but also about Europe’s borders.
These regions face natural difficulties, which makes production more difficult and restricts access.
The preamble to the proposal for supplementary macro-financial assistance contains an appropriate reference to this closure.
(The President cut off the speaker)
This is not about whether this process has biological merit, but rather about the question of origin as such.
in writing. - For over 40 years, Libya has been ruled by a dictatorial regime in which power is concentrated in one man, Colonel Gaddafi, the longest serving African and Arab leader.
In view of the highly complex nature and sheer scale of this phenomenon, the primary aim of the Green Paper is to launch a debate and to sound out all the interested parties.
I actually find it deplorable that today, shortly before this debate, it became clear that Connie Hedegaard is working as hard as possible in the Commission to try to get the minimum target for the European Union implemented.
I have been around long enough to know that the reality was very different, and it was at that time too. Europe has experienced very serious financial and economic crises, and has found it extremely difficult to overcome them.
Several Slovak businesses have voluntarily pledged to observe the so-called Business Code of Ethics for the euro changeover.

Finally, I am surprised at those who promote unconditional debt cancellation for the developing countries.
I promise that I will do everything in my power to convince the partner States to make this dramatic issue an essential element of their social policy, of their education policy and of their cultural policy.
We are, however, opposed to proposals in the report that interfere in the Member States’ areas of competence, for example that of how the police are organised.
They have analysed the problem, suggested improvements, but sadly little has been achieved.
Good night.
MINUK approached the Commission with regard to the financing of the Kosovo protection force and the Member States shall take a decision, in the weeks to come, regarding the programme we suggested in response to this request.
Here a distinction should be made between, firstly, the three European institutions, the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, and secondly, between all the other Community bodies.
Intellectual property rights must also be adhered to with the use of trademarks and patents.
In the Middle East, a constant source of tension, the issue has to be resolved by the establishment of two sovereign states - Israel and Palestine - with absolute security guarantees for both.
I do, however, regard a specific transition mechanism between Objectives 1 and 2 as an appropriate addition.
The objective of our policy must be to reduce the climate-change impact without also reducing growth in this key sector.
If Europe's wealth lies in its diverse cultures, and no one wants to see the culture and language of small nations disappear, then ethnic minorities have an even greater need of protection, including legal protection.
I now invite the representative of the Council, Jean-Pierre Jouyet, to address us.
8.
But you cannot now put to a roll-call vote the principle of a transitional system for the duration of the fifth parliamentary term, following a very clear vote which you yourself ordered, which took place and in which a majority in this House voted in favour.
It is to be welcomed that this is exactly what the Commission has done.
This is, however, incredible since we are going to vote on the European arrest warrant, which will enter into force in 2004, namely in two years' time, and today they are telling us that there will be a Laeken European Council.
First, the rising cost of food and energy hits the very poorest families hardest.
I cannot give an off-the-cuff answer to that right now.
I do not believe that there is actually anybody in this House who is opposed to a cohesion policy.
Otherwise – and this is where I agree with the Vice-President, not where her comments on the Spanish Government are concerned – we will end up in serious difficulties as regards competition and our competitive position, with consequent heavy demands being made of external economic policy.
From which I conclude that our security around the entrance is far from guaranteed.
The proposal by the rapporteur to make greater recourse to technology and have only an identification number in the product itself - rather than a label that becomes increasingly long - with the information being accessible in other documents, possibly via the Internet, would certainly help those looking for very detailed information.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
Let us get this straight.
The problem is not that there is more competition, but it is problematic when competitiveness is won at the price of worsening social benefits or deteriorating working conditions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, regarding all the positions that have been voiced, even the most critical ones, and those who are preparing to vote for the common position, without supporting a package that improves it, I should just like to say that there is freedom in this Parliament and that we shall remain on good terms as before.
I therefore take the Commissioner' s words as a promise that this will happen.
Some countries already have methodologies and strategies for road infrastructure safety management and they must be able to retain these.
It is in breach of laws that have been used, and continue to be used to try and pass sentence on the most odious criminals, including the Nazis.
The President stopped me exercising my right of free speech.
Now, the EU must rally around our values of freedom and, united, actively support the forces that wish to build a new Iraq, a sovereign and democratic country that takes its place in the international community.
Clearly we cannot be complacent. We have to keep up the momentum.
The report labels NATO as 'the core of European security'.
Both the press and Commission sources have extensively quoted from this report.
All the same, we should have liked to be told how the existing consultation processes operate in the multitude of management and regulatory committees and the numerous working groups already gravitating around the Commission.
Only a very few.
A few remarks concerning figures: at the World Food Summit last spring, I offered the analysis that approximately 80% of the people who are really starving in the world do so because of conflicts.
Member States and EU institutions will not be bound by its findings.
The other element which is important in my opinion is, on the one hand, the impossibility of direct access and, on the other, the change in the modalities of accessing data.
in writing. - (RO) I voted in favour of the resolution regarding Romania's accession to the Convention of 23 July 1990 on the elimination of double taxation in connection with the adjustment of profits of associated enterprises, because I consider it necessary to reduce the fiscal burden for tax payers.
I just wonder whether my colleagues would agree with me how disappointing it is that there has not been much support for a written declaration which is being sponsored by my colleague from the West Midlands, Malcolm Harbour, who is the Chairman of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
That is a bit self-contradictory.
The EU is dependent on this in order to keep the Lisbon process on track.
in writing. I voted for this report and warmly welcome measures to protect and enhance the use of minority languages.
Everyone has a say, and this is something which those circles in the Czech Republic should bear in mind.
   As I said, Question Time is closed, as the Council has to leave.
But we do not, most of us, expect that to be passed on only through a bloodline, somehow, and a deep connection with territory, but through citizenship, through law and through our rights.
We are seeing societies that, resigned to their fate, refuse, in spite of everything that has happened, to lose even hope in the face of these tragedies that affect them from time to time, as though they were some sort of collective Sisyphus watching his work being undone, just as he was about to complete it.
In addition, there is also the whole dimension of obligation.
At the same time, the hop market is currently beset by global structural surpluses.
.
Certainly the amendments to it by my colleagues Mr de Roo and Mr Lange are moving in the right direction.
(The sitting was opened at 9 a.m.)
The new CAP must enable people to enjoy an adequate supply of quality food, as well as being able to sustain the production of non-marketable public assets.
It might therefore be hoped that our fellow Member’s timely question will finally lead to some results.
I would like to reassure Mr Rübig, so that he knows that when the Council of Ministers and Parliament are united in support of the negotiator, the negotiator's task is made much easier.
We must work in concert with the Council, which has some very important powers, and also with the European Council, which gives general direction and impetus to the work of the Union.
I hope that the Council and the Commission will rate human rights more important than gas supplies and other economic interests.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me start by thanking the rapporteur.
Of course, I am referring here to the financial regulations and would like to clearly state, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets and in the presence of the Minister, that we need a guarantee and that the approval of the budget next Thursday is conditional on receiving this guarantee.
The initial intention of promoting cross-border business is very important and is very good, and I really hope that during the forthcoming negotiations with the Council we will manage to make these adjustments to achieve an optimal result.
The exclusion of memorials to dictatorships that for decades oppressed various peoples in the south of Europe shows a lack of respect for the thousands of victims of these dictatorships.
The Commission has many a time even neglected its obligation to inform Parliament of its decisions.
The public quite rightly expects and deserves good customer service but this proposal is a step too far.
But we want the profession to remain intact, so incentives must be created to help in particular the younger generation of fishermen to change to alternative fishing methods.
In this context of great tension where the stakes are so high, any ambiguous political words or action on the war, but also, where applicable, any absence of initiative against the war, actually constitute an advantage for the most aggressive and unilateralist government the United States has ever known.
Since then, I have been told week after week and month after month that structural reforms must be carried out, yet it is rare for me to come across anyone who is able to say exactly what these structural reforms should look like.
I do not agree with the German agricultural minister's view that export refunds on live cattle can now no longer be justified.
But I also believe that you must finally take courage and throw a stone into the water.
The assessment of the need, which has only just begun, is urgent.
Finally I would like to say a few words in general about budgetary procedure.
The third point I want to underline in this report is the recommendations it makes.
We fly to Strasbourg with Regional Airlines. Since this aviation company was taken over by Air France this year, one in two flights has been cancelled.
I feel that it was logical to do the work that we did.
Expenditure on a school fruit scheme should be viewed in this light, and therefore the scheme will represent an actual saving in the Member States' health budgets. Thus, it will, overall, have a positive effect, first and foremost on public health, but also on the European economy.
   – Immigration is too serious a subject to simply leave to the polling organisations or to decree it to be an important subject only during national elections.
As far as poverty reduction is concerned, the Council is aiming only at economic growth.
We have been struggling over this for months.
European Grouping of Territorial Cooperation (debate)
Subject: Role of the media in the increased sexual exploitation of women
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to make use of the opportunity afforded by the discussion of this report to underline the distinction that should continue to be drawn between the harmonisation of toll collection systems and the uniform collection of tolls as tax.
To this end, Mr Daems, Commissioner Liikanen, allow me to illustrate an amendment which I tabled together with 51 Members from different political groups precisely to Mr Paasilinna' s directive. Mr Paasilinna has worked very hard on his proposal on the framework directive on telecommunications.
Having seen at first hand what MEDA has done in Gaza and the West Bank, I welcome many of the suggestions made by Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou in this report, and I wish to take this opportunity to congratulate her.
It would be unreasonable to make people pay for this surveillance of themselves.
Another issue I would like to raise concerns visas for all European citizens travelling to the United States.
It is of course important that there is a clear link between the political priorities, both before and after their implementation in the Commission's annual legislative programme, so that the EU's budget appears as an integrated political instrument.
The scale on which human rights activists are being murdered in Russia is such that to interpret this phenomenon as the result of 'ordinary crime' is utterly reckless.
I feel that this Parliament behaved in a eunuch-like way yesterday in refusing to link this debate on food safety and the WTO with a resolution.
The factories of Europe are going to third countries and wages of course are going with them.
I agree with the Commissioner when he says that this is an extremely important report.
The proportion allocated to regional policy in the European Union budget for the next financial perspective is at approximately the same level as it was previously.
This report, which the European Parliament adopted by a huge majority, has been on ice for over two years, because it is being blocked by the Council, despite the fact that citizens are calling increasingly loudly for European solidarity against the background of the ever more frequent occurrence of natural disasters.
This saying is relevant here because we are once again having to express our regret at something we should have prevented through stricter control measures and by bringing forward the date for the disappearance of single-hull ships - and please note, Commissioner, that I wrote this before hearing you speak and I am therefore in agreement with what you said at the beginning.
B5-0784/2001 by Jillian Evans, Hautala, Sörensen, Breyer, Isler Béguin, Buitenweg, Auroi and Schroedter, on behalf of the Greens/European Free Alliance Group,
The European Commission must open negotiations with Moscow on this issue, and every effort should be made jointly to specify the criteria for checks so that they become easier to understand.
As soon as the information is available the necessary action will be taken.
I am particularly pleased about the adoption of the 12 basic rights of passengers, applying to all passengers on this form of transport, regardless of the distance.
On the issue of supervision, I have been vocal about the need to strengthen supervisory cooperation.
The wording of the latest version of the agreement already reads like legislative text as it applies in individual Member States.
This is not acceptable, since comparable sanctions in all Member States is an important element to achieve the same degree of deterrence in all Community waters and thus create a level playing field through the establishment of a common framework at the Community level.
Thanks to this aid, we are making a contribution to resolving the situations of social justice and to improving the living conditions of the local population, as well as strengthening the democratic institutions.
The report falls under the discharge procedure.
In the report by the MEP at the time, which is the report on the request for the waiver of immunity, it says 'given the request made by the Spanish Minister for Justice' , but when you look into the case, the letter from the minister cannot be found.
Thirdly, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 44 and 48 because they introduce measures which have not been adequately studied or in connection with which there is not, as yet, the requisite scientific data, but which will be attended to, however, in the second phase of the Auto/Oil programme.
Mr President, today money laundering is probably the most sophisticated and complex financial transaction.
We are also very much looking forward to your anticipated study on consumer labelling.
When it does suit the Commission, though, other documents of the former European Constitution secretly resurface and are even made legally binding.
The Court of Justice backed Parliament’s view as regards the legal basis, overturning the Council’s decision, with effect from 1 October 2006.
You can count on large parts of this Parliament to give you robust support when arguing against those who may wish to confine the round to no more than a narrow series of sector-specific commercial trade-offs.
Much of the research funding for this came from the European Union.
This House will help.
The reason I say this is because I believe that we still have work ahead of us in the Member States in terms of explaining and debating the issue of market surveillance.
On the contrary, within its reforms of the "large-scale farming' COM, the Commission proposes a 0 % compulsory rate of fallow land, along with an alignment of the aid to oil-producing crops with that of aid to straw cereal crops, on the pretext of both the Blair House agreements limiting huge amounts of fallow land and a future possible gain in profitability in oil production using, of course, genetically modified seed.
Most Member States, as you are aware, have specific procedural rules for competition-related issues and these include, for example, referring these cases directly to higher courts, limiting the number or type of competent courts or using specialist courts.
In the first place, this crisis shows us that in complex situations such as Hurricane Mitch in Central America it is sometimes impossible for aid workers to cope without the assistance of military structures.
The Commission's communication is a first step towards having a strategy that covers prevention and recycling.
We are really being asked to be the handmaidens of patent law.
The Agency, which would be responsible for these vessels and for the deployment at different strategic points on European coasts, must also implement a series of plans for responding to maritime accidents of this type.
To conclude, Parliament and the Commission must commit themselves to achieving a new level of quality in their political work.
We therefore share the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, of waiting for the study into the impact of this directive to come out, which has been commissioned due to the contentious nature of the subject matter.
Everyone talks about extending majority decisionmaking, but everyone brings to the table their own set of exceptions, courtesy of the ministries of their national governments, and it is almost impossible for those in charge of the negotiations to prevent a zero-sum outcome.
For years, the image of Albania in Italy has been one of barges and motorboats full of desperate men and women who, spurred on by poverty and pain, reach the Adriatic coast exhausted in search of a future that would be impossible in their own country.
   Mr President, Moldova is a small landlocked country, the poorest in Europe, whose importance to the EU will rise as our frontiers will border it by 2007.
Mr President, I wish to begin by welcoming the report and congratulating the rapporteur.
This trial must be in accordance with the rule of law and monitored by international observers.
Secondly, this operation will help enhance the role and profile of the European Union in this country.
We have sought to improve upon the Commission’s proposal, by making a number of changes to it, so as to adapt it more effectively to the proposed aims, to frame the cultural dimension more clearly and to place the accent on the importance of our common cultural heritage, without undermining contemporary creativity.
There is, however, an increasing need to enforce liability for remedying environmental damage.
Furthermore, as regards implementation and monitoring compliance, which are covered by Article 10 of the proposal for a regulation, I believe that these tasks should be carried out by the competent authorities of each Member State.
Should we vote for censure?
I would like to address the research and technological development sector because it continues to remain extremely under-resourced.
We endorse these proposals, and are likewise convinced that those being made by the Committee on Fisheries, involving inspectors, will lead to a more responsible attitude on the part of governments.
It is unfortunate that you chose to go back on a text which is a credit to the European Parliament, striking, as it in one sense did, a miraculous balance between protecting our industry and guaranteeing the universality of the language of software and the freedom of access to it.
The study will encompass all these issues.
Therefore I would like to draw the attention of my colleagues to the fact that it is not enough merely to create and produce a vaccine, it is necessary to prepare specialists with focused specialisation and highly qualified medical personnel and to deploy them in a battle against tuberculosis.
in writing. - (PT) The Tabajdi report stresses the potential of agricultural biogas and suggests adopting a directive on biogas production.
Slow pay is a terrible problem afflicting SMEs especially in the southern Union states like Spain.
The relevant precautions are lacking, as is positive assistance to Mexico.
We are showing respect today for all of the victims of these inhumane acts.
Given the forestry industry's great economic, social and environmental importance, what measures will the Commission take in support of that industry in those areas of Sweden affected by the storm?
I watched a very disturbing report on CNN about the state of the Pearl River in China.
We can only have a genuine food aid policy if, among others, we reorganize agricultural production in our European Union.
Providing information should be one of our fundamental tasks.
This is not the beginning of the end of your speech, it is the end of your speech.
We also call on the Commission to include social clauses in international treaties and request that the implementation of these social clauses be supported by positive measures and incentives to help the countries and the companies that comply with those clauses.
By way of compromise, an additional Executive Board is to be set up, with just five members.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, I wish to thank all the Members who have participated in the discussion in this House, who have delivered speeches, even if, in several cases, the 2009 budget was just the occasion for the speech rather than the subject of it.
Mr Gallagher, I do not think we need return to a matter which, at the moment, is not our responsibility.
I ascertain that in this regions a certain rhythm has been found, but that a transfer of financial resources from objective 4 to objective 5 is needed, as suggested by Mrs Van Lancker.
It just goes to show where the Commission's interests lie.
The debate is closed.
   Mr President, we must take note of the fact that this is a very serious and unambiguous report, which is indicative of an extremely European and, I would say, age-old culture: Monaco culture, Vichy culture, Mussolini culture, the culture of the Jerusalem Mufti.
New rules are necessary for many reasons: scientific progress in the last decade, new elements such as carbon sinks, the transboundary nature of gas emissions and the obvious need for a Community approach and the harmonisation of rules in this area.
This sort of contact is important.
This is a startling situation.
It is a disgrace which must be prevented and stopped.
General product safety and market surveillance (short presentation)
Indeed, the estimated global market value in 2008 was EUR 124 billion, projected to reach EUR 230 billion by 2025. Of this, 20% is represented by intelligent transport systems (ITS) and 5% by safety applications, including transport safety applications.
But let us return to my starting-point.
(DE) Mr President, I have just a brief statement to make on the amendment.
Now, when I heard the Commission again, I thought I detected an understanding of the notion that politics is politics.
Last October in this House parliamentarians called on the Commission and the Member States to honour the legacy of Anna Politkovskaya by making the restoration of free media in Russia a primary condition for the further development of our relations, because, only if we send a clear signal that we value Anna Politkovskaya's quest for truth and freedom more highly than oil and gas, will conditions in Russia start to change.
The basic conclusion of the report is that we, as the European Parliament, regret that there is a slowdown in reforms.
Instead of spirit, we are going to end up with ghosts and sleepless nights because, in reality, commitments are not being fulfilled.
Finally, I will turn to Iran.
That is why the responsibility for achieving the efficiency target and at the same time reducing CO2 lies with the Community, which in fact takes action when an objective can be achieved more effectively by Community measures.
Further, all this translates into a compromise on the specific programmes involved. The proposal is for a single programme with eight sub-programmes.
Firstly, the scope of the directive must certainly be clarified and even extended.
Of course these would also be checked under the usual system of inspection.
In order to do so, we must put pressure on President Milosevic to make him stop the repression immediately, initiate dialogue with the Kososvo representatives and re-establish the autonomy of that region, whose legal status he removed some years ago.
Augusto Pinochet's arrest is good news, particularly for his victims and for their families.
I believe this means that the European citizen has a decent piece of legislation.
Safety, hygiene and health protection at work
   Ladies and gentlemen, the establishment of the European Institute for Gender Equality, which will facilitate the elimination of all forms of gender discrimination throughout Europe, is of paramount importance.
Madam President, much has been said tonight, and it is difficult to add anything refreshingly new.
As far as we are concerned, the economic situation in the Union exhibits significant deficiencies in crucial aspects which need to be stressed.
Mr Wijsenbeek, I have been very tolerant but I cannot allow the dialogue to continue.
It does not mean abandoning the high ideals and important objectives which lie behind these systems.
In Poland in particular - where a majority in Parliament and a majority of the people take a different view, but where the President is making use of his prerogatives - I hope that change will come about in time.
These, Commissioners, are our demands, which have a symbolic value as far as public opinion is concerned, a justified value as far as the employees are concerned, and, if I may say so, are useful as far as the economy is concerned, for how is it possible to manage a knowledge-based economy without the employees being involved?
I visited Lebanon very recently, and I saw there that UNIFIL, with the presence of the European contingents, makes a repeat of hostilities in southern Lebanon and Israel impossible.
   Mr President, the introduction of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the European Constitution is a step forward in the Union’s political dimension towards a more democratic and more social Europe.
I think, therefore, that this issue needs to be discussed further with Russia, with other potential aspects in mind also, and this is particularly true in view of the announcement by Mr Ivanov, Russia's vice-premier, concerning moving the flow of container freight to Russian ports alone.
Common organization of the market in bananas (continuation)
The Commission is determined to ensure that this is not the case.
The regions will now have to compensate for the financial cuts at the very heart of European integration by putting forward more intelligent plans.
   Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, speaking as a Swedish Conservative, I welcome the Irish Presidency.
Welcome to the club, TonyYou are welcome to do this job.
In my capacity as rapporteur, I would like to make a number of recommendations to the Bank, notwithstanding the positive assessment of its work overall.
The media screen of achievements that you have put up does not hide the very serious questions appearing on the horizon.
We now come to the contributions of the rapporteurs.
However, when we talk about the objectives of the programme, we must emphasise that the maintenance and knowledge of cultural heritage must be expressly included in the objectives of this programme.
With regard to the second part of your question: according to our spring forecasts, carried out on the basis of the non-revised Greek GDP figures, the public deficit for this year is expected to fall to 2.4%, compared to last year's 2.6 %.
We also need acceptable transition times for the whole business.
We hope that we can work together to create a legal basis which corresponds to our European concept of civil rights.
(DE) Madam President, I would like to say to Mr Ehrenhauser that he should pay a visit to our universities and see for himself how creative they are and also that no student is in a position of dependence just because he or she might have been granted a bursary from business.
But there are lots of other issues for the fishing industry.
The EU would appear to be giving the new Member States support with one, visible hand, in the form of various funds, while taking it away with another, invisible hand by attracting its young specialists.
It is clear that we must also analyse the interim stages on the timeline between 2020 and 2050 and define additional interim targets.
As such, Parliament is using this resolution to express its support for the new proposals aiming to improve access to finance and the markets for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); for the measures to continue the process of cutting bureaucracy through strengthened governance and monitoring; for smart regulation; and for measures such as the SME performance review.
Last year it was 10 %.
Another point concerning the Commission's document is as follows: the Commission sets out its intention to develop telematics and illustrates the advantages, but does not analyse the costs of not using telematics.
Firstly, we have managed to achieve a consensus in Committee even on critical points such as the extension that had been called for in the scope of the directive from train drivers to other train crew.
The Member States have greater individual responsibility.
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, the central question in this debate is what is now the best way of ensuring that the reforms, particularly in the area of justice and in the fight against corruption and organised crime, are sustained beyond 2007.
We shall look into the case and, if appropriate, we shall act in accordance with your suggestion.
During all information and observation missions, the OSCE must also pay special attention to the level of respect for human rights in the area in order to prevent an escalation of violence if any incidents do occur.
The creation of joint subcommissions for human rights would be an important step, for neighbouring countries as well, where a continuous deterioration of human rights is occurring.
Furthermore, the resolution of 3 April 1998 of the 54th UN Commission calls for a moratorium on executions with a view to complete abolition of the death penalty.
For this reason, it is essential to ensure that the principle of relative stability is adhered to and that the fishing areas reserved exclusively for national or local communities are not just maintained, but also extended.
We will conduct an economic impact assessment and a transport impact assessment before this goes ahead.
This is serious and promising work.
And perhaps we will see it tomorrow in Montenegro.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is no disputing the fact that, along with the rules on free movement, health and safety at work is one of the European Union's spheres of activity that does not lack an unambiguous legal basis.
Rejection may not be palatable, but it must be faced.
Similarly, Mr Marín has failed to demonstrate economical management and effective implementation of funds and financial control in accordance with regulations.
For two weeks there was hope; then the radios stopped and a complete silence fell, and behind that silence thousands were killed and hundreds exiled.
If an important group in this Parliament wants to organise a dialogue between mothers of soldiers and Mr Zakayev, then this should be covered by parliamentary immunity; if not, Belgium is not worthy of retaining the seat of the European Parliament here in Brussels.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur for having worked so quickly.
That text of ours would have put in an effective remedy.
Secondly, if this leads us to say that we want to get the United Nations more involved, then we must give more attention to it and to our relations with it overall - and that is what Parliament and the Commission are currently working on.
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected?
Has the Commission, on the basis of the revised Article 209a (Article 280 in the Treaty of Amsterdam), planned any action to harmonize legislation designed to protect the Community's financial interests, including legislation to safeguard against fraud affecting the euro?
It is essential that the responses that are found to these challenges help to create a Europe that is fair from the economic, social and environmental sustainability points of view.
. (DE) Madam President, over the last few days you have worked miracles time and again.
We do not want old-style alignment with the world market.
I am bound to say that I look at the part of the bottle that is half full, which is to say that at least yesterday the authorities allowed the visit, brief as it may have been, something which for some of the members of the delegation had not been possible on previous occasions.
While I was there, I had the chance to discuss matters with Mr Marroni.
I believe that we must remain very prudent when dealing with an issue such as this.
(LV) Mr President, I should like to ask you what the expression 'test pilot' means?
Is a proposal for a directive already being prepared, or are there other plans?
In his annual report, the UN Secretary-General notes that, one year on from the deployment of KFOR, we face a well-developed, organised and well-orchestrated campaign against the Serbs and other ethnic groups in Kosovo, which is undermining confidence in the future and transforming Kosovo into a breeding ground for retaliation and crime.
Mr President, this is just one example that the questioner has raised concerning the situation in Turkey.
The EU has also guaranteed that it will not meddle with taxes in Ireland, and this thanks to Dublin.
Mr President, the Helsinki Summit of EU leaders has been quite accurately billed as the European Union's enlargement Summit, and there can be no doubt that this European Council meeting has lived up to this particular expectation.
It is true that we can be patient, and indeed the Sahrawi people have been patient, as they have been waiting endlessly for this referendum to be held.
Regarding the internal dimension of countering and preventing terrorism, we do have in our counter-terrorist strategy some key objectives on how the Union can contribute in the fight against terrorism.
The European Union must invest in European initiatives promoting renewable energy sources and their introduction into the European electricity grid, as well as in biofuels and green transport.
When will this duplicity end?
Not only do we wish to see alternative development funded from this budget line; we are also calling for a systematic examination of the Community's other financial instruments and the European Development Fund to see if they can help to support the concept of alternative development.
For example, since last year, the executive directors in the World Bank from the European Union have been holding annual meetings with Members of this Parliament, with the Commission and with representatives of non-governmental organisations.
I hope that this agreement will not cause the EU any surprises in the future and that it will be clarified before signing the agreement that the EU is entitled to obtain information from the US database and that there is no possibility of data being transferred to third countries.
Another hearing – the Court hearing – will take place in Luxembourg on 24-28 April 2006.
The honourable Member's question concerning migration to an open API for application programs is about operational compatibility for interactive TV services.
It is likely that the camp discovered is not the only one of its kind.
I consider it unfortunate that the Council has not yet reached an agreement, because of the opposition of some Member States.
The European institutions must join forces and take action on this matter.
The fact that these people have existed for so many years is not because there was no euro or Economic and Monetary Union.
Europeana makes available online nearly five million items.
It is not negotiable.
The resulting growth in productivity triggers further cuts in the workforce.
The sentence is puzzling in that over 30 years after the fall of the Khmer Rouge regime, very many of the leaders of the regime in Cambodia still have not been tried.
It would be interesting if the Commission were to explain this to us, or otherwise tell us whether it would be appropriate, for example, for this issue to be considered as a matter of fundamental rights in the Commission proposal to the Convention.
The open method of coordination established between the Member States does not, I repeat, involve any legal commitment vis-à-vis the Member States.
